
--- Landing Level Page: https://www.eryckamontoya.com/ ---
0 0  English  Open Menu Close Menu Open Menu Close Menu  English   English   Back We Fight Together We Fight For All Now is the time to stand up for the future of our families. Erycka is a dedicated community leader who understands our challenges and is committed to securing the resources and services we deserve. Let’s elect Erycka Montoya to fight for us. Volunteer Donate Name * First Name Last Name Email * Phone (###) ### #### Sign Me Up For SMS Text I'm Interested in Volunteering Thank you! Stay Updated Sign Up to Receive Updates and Get Involved Click here to view map in detail City Council District 21 Corona, LeFrak City, East Elmhurst, and Jackson Heights Corona, LeFrak City, East Elmhurst, and Jackson Heights are vibrant neighborhoods home  to people from all corners of the world. The Unisphere is located in the district, and stands as a strong symbol of our robust immigrant communities. Our district is not only where Louis Armstrong and Malcolm X once lived, but it is also the sports capital of New York City, home of the Amazing Mets and future home of the NYCFC soccer stadium. Most importantly, the 21st district is the place where thousands of hard working families can start to build a better future for tomorrow. Why I’m running for City Council "I’m running for City Council because our communities urgently need new, trusted, and fierce leadership in these uncertain times. Families in Corona, East Elmhurst, and LeFrak City have long been ignored, stolen from, and underrepresented.” Read More We Fight Together We Fight For All Now is the time to stand up for the future of our families. Erycka is a dedicated community leader who understands our challenges and is committed to securing the resources and services we deserve. Let’s elect Erycka Montoya to fight for us. * First Name Last Name * (###) ### #### Stay Updated Sign Up to Receive Updates and Get Involved Click here to view map in detail Click here to view map in detail City Council District 21 Corona, LeFrak City, East Elmhurst, and Jackson Heights Corona, LeFrak City, East Elmhurst, and Jackson Heights are vibrant neighborhoods home  to people from all corners of the world. The Unisphere is located in the district, and stands as a strong symbol of our robust immigrant communities. Our district is not only where Louis Armstrong and Malcolm X once lived, but it is also the sports capital of New York City, home of the Amazing Mets and future home of the NYCFC soccer stadium. Most importantly, the 21st district is the place where thousands of hard working families can start to build a better future for tomorrow. Why I’m running for City Council "I’m running for City Council because our communities urgently need new, trusted, and fierce leadership in these uncertain times. Families in Corona, East Elmhurst, and LeFrak City have long been ignored, stolen from, and underrepresented.” Paid for by People for Erycka Home Meet Erycka Platform Volunteer Terms of Service
