
--- Landing Level Page: https://www.paul4nyc.org/ ---
Vote for a better neighborhood better neighborhood Paul Pogozelski Donate Meet Paul Pogozelski Paul Pogozelski As a family man, a small business owner, and a local community leader, Paul Pogozelski knows what it means to turn words into action. In 2017, when Paul and his family moved to their new home in Middle Village, Queens, it sparked a much deeper commitment to keeping his neighborhood whole. Our Location District 30 District 30 Click here to see district on the map The James Bohan Hockey Rink in Juniper Valley Park is one of many places in Middle Village made better thanks to Paul’s advocacy and commitment to the neighborhood. Before Paul gathered the aid of fellow neighbors and legislators alike, the hockey rink seemed long gone. “ No man stands so tall as when he stoops to help a child ” Paul made it his mission to rehabilitate the rink for the sake of its namesake, a fallen FDNY Fire Fighter who died in the line of duty, and those who remembered a small community sports program called the Middle Village Roller Hockey League. Over the course of six months, Paul eliminated the broken glass bottles, the eye sore of vulgar graffiti scribbled all around, and the dirty conditions of the rink, with the help of irreplaceable volunteers. Birth of a MVP RHL MVP RHL A cleaner rink attracted more parents with their kids to return to skate at the rink and paved the way for the birth of a newly named league with the MVP Roller Hockey League. Soon enough, parents and alumni from the past hockey league heard of Paul’s efforts, bringing with them a bunch of local kids to play hockey, and many seasons of games to come. Revitalization of the MV Property Owners and Residents Association MV Property Owners and Residents Association Paul’s community efforts didn’t stop at the rink. While working with city and state elected officials, agencies, and businesses, Paul also managed to revitalize the Middle Village Property and Residents Association. The neighborhood association, with a new group of participants, gave Paul a space to further reach out to long-time and newer residents to inspire block clean-ups, small business initiatives, and public safety info sessions. Investing In Our City's Future Our City's Future A man of the people, Paul’s civic work thus far has been a prime example of how a community can come together under one voice to better its home. It’s time for a representative who can keep up with the pace of New York City life, roll up his sleeves, really connect with neighbors, put down the cell phone, and take care of the place they call home. Paul is for the people. Paul 4 NYC News Get in touch Apply for volunteering ‍ Your submission has been received! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong Contribute Your support really means a lot to us Donate
