
--- Landing Level Page: https://calvindsun.com/ ---
The Monsoon Diaries: A Memoir Amazon Barnes&Noble Books-A-Million Bookshop.org Indiebound AppleBooks GooglePlay Kobo Amazon Barnes&Noble Books-A-Million Bookshop.org Indiebound AppleBooks GooglePlay Kobo About Me Speaking & Press Contact Me Travel with Calvin!  Select Page   Calvin D. Sun, MD Emergency Physician, Author, Speaker, & Traveler The Monsoon Diaries: A Memoir Our experiences from a decade of “monsooning” around the world—curtailed by the global shutdown during the COVID-19 pandemic — have now been captured in a book, The Monsoon Diaries: A Memoir , published by HarperCollins with a foreword by the renowned Lisa Ling. Drawing from the lessons learned while traveling to over 190 countries, and from the profound grief Dr. Sun faced as a teenager after his father’s passing, this memoir chronicles his journey as a young Asian American growing up in New York, finding his calling first in medical school, and then on the open road. Through these experiences, we’ve discovered that the fight for a better world brings meaning to life, even in the most uncertain times. We hope this story helps readers transform their own tragedies into possibilities, fostering a more empathetic and connected society. Read it today! Dr. Calvin D. Sun is a board-certified Physician specializing in Emergency Medicine, a public speaker, author, activist, and travel writer based in NYC. He has worked at multiple emergency departments — most notably during the COVID-19 pandemic — as well as large-scale events primarily across the NYC metropolitan area. Interested in reaching out to Calvin? Send an email to calvin.sun.med@gmail.com . Follow Follow The Monsoon Diaries Calvin is also the Founder & CEO of The Monsoon Diaries : a blog-turned-travel community that has taken hundreds of readers to 190+ countries and territories in the past 10 years including North Korea, Nauru, Greenland, and Antarctica. The Monsoon Diaries has since been featured on BBC News, ABC News, MSNBC, TED, National Geographic, and USA Today. If you’re interested in going on an adventure with The Monsoon Diaries, check out The Monsoon Diaries website or send an email to calvin@monsoondiaries.com ! Countries & Territories Years Calvin D. Sun, MD Emergency Physician, Author, Speaker, & Traveler  The Monsoon Diaries: A Memoir Our experiences from a decade of “monsooning” around the world—curtailed by the global shutdown during the COVID-19 pandemic — have now been captured in a book, The Monsoon Diaries: A Memoir , published by HarperCollins with a foreword by the renowned Lisa Ling. Drawing from the lessons learned while traveling to over 190 countries, and from the profound grief Dr. Sun faced as a teenager after his father’s passing, this memoir chronicles his journey as a young Asian American growing up in New York, finding his calling first in medical school, and then on the open road. Through these experiences, we’ve discovered that the fight for a better world brings meaning to life, even in the most uncertain times. We hope this story helps readers transform their own tragedies into possibilities, fostering a more empathetic and connected society. Dr. Calvin D. Sun is a board-certified Physician specializing in Emergency Medicine, a public speaker, author, activist, and travel writer based in NYC. He has worked at multiple emergency departments — most notably during the COVID-19 pandemic — as well as large-scale events primarily across the NYC metropolitan area. Dr. Calvin D. Sun is a board-certified Physician specializing in Emergency Medicine, a public speaker, author, activist, and travel writer based in NYC. He has worked at multiple emergency departments — most notably during the COVID-19 pandemic — as well as large-scale events primarily across the NYC metropolitan area. Interested in reaching out to Calvin? Send an email to calvin.sun.med@gmail.com .    Follow Follow Follow Follow The Monsoon Diaries Calvin is also the Founder & CEO of The Monsoon Diaries : a blog-turned-travel community that has taken hundreds of readers to 190+ countries and territories in the past 10 years including North Korea, Nauru, Greenland, and Antarctica. The Monsoon Diaries has since been featured on BBC News, ABC News, MSNBC, TED, National Geographic, and USA Today. Calvin is also the Founder & CEO of The Monsoon Diaries : a blog-turned-travel community that has taken hundreds of readers to 190+ countries and territories in the past 10 years including North Korea, Nauru, Greenland, and Antarctica. The Monsoon Diaries has since been featured on BBC News, ABC News, MSNBC, TED, National Geographic, and USA Today. If you’re interested in going on an adventure with The Monsoon Diaries, check out The Monsoon Diaries website or send an email to calvin@monsoondiaries.com !    Countries & Territories    Years Facebook Facebook Twitter Twitter Instagram Instagram RSS RSS
