
--- Landing Level Page: https://janineacquafredda.com/ ---
RE/MAX REAL ESTATE PROFESSIONALS GLOBAL brand.LOCAL expertise. Your Real Estate Agent. GLOBAL brand.LOCAL expertise. Your Real Estate Agent. GLOBAL brand.LOCAL expertise. Your Real Estate Agent. GLOBAL brand.LOCAL expertise. Your Real Estate Agent. HELLO! The purchase or sale of a property is one of the most important financial events in our lives. As a real estate professional, real estate investor, property owner, and landlord, I understand the entire process of a real estate transaction. I can help you find a home, sell your property, make an offer on a home, help you find buyers, and assist you with all documents and steps necessary to successfully complete a real estate transaction. There are many unhappy buyers or sellers during a transaction caused by complex negotiation processes, possible unresolved issues, undisclosed problems, misrepresentations, and more. Don't be one of them. Real estate transactions put buyers and sellers in a tremendously stressful position that they don't need to be in. Hiring me means partnering with a true professional and an experienced businesswoman that knows how to get things done and cares, not only about the sale, but about you. The purchase or sale of a property is one of the most important financial events in our lives. As a real estate professional, real estate investor, property owner, and landlord, I understand the entire process of a real estate transaction. I can help you find a home, sell your property, make an offer on a home, help you find buyers, and assist you with all documents and steps necessary to successfully complete a real estate transaction. There are many unhappy buyers or sellers during a transaction caused by complex negotiation processes, possible unresolved issues, undisclosed problems, misrepresentations, and more. Don't be one of them. Real estate transactions put buyers and sellers in a tremendously stressful position that they don't need to be in. Hiring me means partnering with a true professional and an experienced businesswoman that knows how to get things done and cares, not only about the sale, but about you. -Janine -Janine in case you're curious in case you're curious ABOUT JANINE After spending almost ten years as a Financial Advisor, Janine entered the real estate industry in 2007 and began helping people with the biggest financial transaction they will ever make...buying and selling real estate. An award-winning Associate Real Estate Broker and a former teacher at the Real Estate Education Center, Janine has sold over $300,000,000 in NYC real estate alone. She is often sought after by the media for her industry expertise and has been quoted as a real estate source in the New York Times, Wall Street Journal, on various real estate and financial websites, and has also appeared on several episodes of HGTV's House Hunters. After spending almost ten years as a Financial Advisor, Janine entered the real estate industry in 2007 and began helping people with the biggest financial transaction they will ever make...buying and selling real estate. An award-winning Associate Real Estate Broker and a former teacher at the Real Estate Education Center, Janine has sold over $300,000,000 in NYC real estate alone. She is often sought after by the media for her industry expertise and has been quoted as a real estate source in the New York Times, Wall Street Journal, on various real estate and financial websites, and has also appeared on several episodes of HGTV's House Hunters.   Janine founded Realtors 4 Rescues in 2012, a non-profit that aims to educate other real estate professionals about the importance of getting landlords, co-op and condo boards to “say yes to pets”. The project has evolved into actually finding homes for animals displaced by relocation and landlord issues as well as community outreach to educate consumers on adoption and rescue alternatives with her Janine founded Realtors 4 Rescues in 2012, a non-profit that aims to educate other real estate professionals about the importance of getting landlords, co-op and condo boards to “say yes to pets”. The project has evolved into actually finding homes for animals displaced by relocation and landlord issues as well as community outreach to educate consumers on adoption and rescue alternatives with her "Buy Real Estate Not Pets" initiative. "Buy Real Estate Not Pets" initiative.   While Janine was born, raised, and continues to reside in New York, she has spent the last 13 years developing real estate relationships and alliances all over the world and has advised and assisted clients, most recently, with moves to Delaware, Florida, Nevada, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, The Carolinas, Puerto Rico and beyond. While Janine was born, raised, and continues to reside in New York, she has spent the last 13 years developing real estate relationships and alliances all over the world and has advised and assisted clients, most recently, with moves to Delaware, Florida, Nevada, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, The Carolinas, Puerto Rico and beyond.   https://www.dos.ny.gov/licensing/docs/FairHousingNotice_new.pdf https://www.dos.ny.gov/licensing/docs/FairHousingNotice_new.pdf what i live and love to do what i live and love to do  Real Estate Done Right Nervous about your property adventure? Don’t be. Whether you're getting ready to buy or sell, in the middle of it, or just looking for some answers, my top-notch skills ensure you get the best experience possible. Nervous about your property adventure? Don’t be. Whether you're getting ready to buy or sell, in the middle of it, or just looking for some answers, my top-notch skills ensure you get the best experience possible.  Mixed Use, Residential and Rentals Large or small. Co-op, condo or mansion. TLCs. Fixer-uppers. Luxury. Large or small. Co-op, condo or mansion. TLCs. Fixer-uppers. Luxury. I can help with all of it. Well...most of it. I personally concentrate on multi-families 4 and under, single family homes, small, mixed use buildings, co-ops and condos. I can help with all of it. Well...most of it. I personally concentrate on multi-families 4 and under, single family homes, small, mixed use buildings, co-ops and condos.  Rely on Expertise If you have questions about anything real estate related, you can trust that I will find you whatever you need and fast. It is my goal to make sure my clients feel confident and educated every step of the way. Being a real estate investor, vacation rental owner and landlord myself, I have a lot of experience and knowledge that I am ready to share with YOU! If you have questions about anything real estate related, you can trust that I will find you whatever you need and fast. It is my goal to make sure my clients feel confident and educated every step of the way. Being a real estate investor, vacation rental owner and landlord myself, I have a lot of experience and knowledge that I am ready to share with YOU! Subscribe Sign up for real estate news. Email Address Sign up Sign up for real estate news. Social Media...because I play as hard as I work. Social Media...because I play as hard as I work. Call me maybe? Call me maybe? RE/MAX Real Estate Professionals 261 4th Avenue Brooklyn, NY 11215 Call 917.584.7685 to schedule a live or virtual consultation. Monday - Friday: 9am - 8pm Monday - Friday: 9am - 8pm Saturday: 10am-4pm Saturday: 10am-4pm Sunday: 10am-4pm Sunday: 10am-4pm Drop Us a Line! This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Cancel Get directions  Get directions Copyright © 2022 RE/MAX Real Estate Professionals - All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2022 RE/MAX Real Estate Professionals - All Rights Reserved. Powered by GoDaddy Website Builder Powered by GoDaddy Website Builder
