
--- Landing Level Page: https://www.anthonybatista.com/ ---
Cart 0 Cart 0 Portfolios Back Cart 0 Cart 0 Portfolios GNC's Luster and Lüm Campaign Advertising Beauty Celebrity Editorial Studio Kids Women Cosmo x Chanel Men Ralph Lauren Life Style LIVE music Vows in Vogue GNC's Luster and Lüm Campaign Advertising Beauty Celebrity Editorial Studio Kids Women Cosmo x Chanel Men Ralph Lauren Life Style LIVE music Vows in Vogue New Gallery New Page New Gallery The Latest  Sign Up

--- Landing Level Page: https://www.djanthonybatista.nyc/ ---
About Anthony is the embodiment of the creative spirit, seamlessly blending music, fashion, and photography into a singular, unforgettable experience. As one of New York City's most in-demand DJs and a celebrated fashion photographer, he possesses a rare ability to make people feel beautiful—whether they're in front of his lens or on his dance floor. With 14 years of experience spinning at the city's hottest nightclubs and high-profile events, Anthony has developed a masterful instinct for reading the crowd, crafting seamless audio narratives that keep everyone on their toes, eagerly awaiting the next track. Whether he's energizing A-list celebrities like Maggie Rogers and Taylor Swift at Mulberry, setting the mood for a chic YSL launch event, or creating an unforgettable atmosphere as the sun sets at The Surf Lodge, Anthony's signature style leaves an indelible mark on every moment. His ability to captivate and connect ensures that everyone who experiences his work walks away with a memory that lasts forever.  CLIENTS  Residencies The Mulberry The Box The Surflodge Public Hotels Soho Grand Gurney’s Montauk The Roxy Bowery Hotel 40/40 Club  Testimonials  Anthony is a great DJ that works closely with clients to find out their wants and needs, and then executes flawlessly. We’ve used him at several charity: water events over the years, and he’s always gotten the highest reviews! -Scott Harrison  Founder and CEO of Charity Water  Not only is Anthony the best DJ you'll ever find, he knows how to read the room and get 100% of the people dancing before you even think of cutting the cake. Actually, we danced so hard and for so long, we forgot to cut the cake all together. The experience that Anthony created and the hours of joy that followed are some of the most memorable moments of our wedding. He's reliable, professional, and just a good guy to have around when you're celebrating love and life. -Michael and Lauren Letta  Anthony was incredible on our wedding day. His song selections and professionalism made our wedding all the more special. He was able to blend music from multiple genres and select songs from different generations and our guests just loved it. Anthony brought our reception to life and has incredible taste in making the perfect playlist for every occasion. I couldn’t be happier that we left all the details up to him, he is a pro and we still talk about that dance floor 6 years later. -Rob and Karen Keeley We are so grateful to Anthony for making our wedding unforgettable—our guests are still raving that it was the party of the year! From our first conversation to the last dance, Anthony went above and beyond, tailoring every detail to reflect us and our guests. He is a master of his craft and his ability to read the room kept the dance floor packed all night long—kids, grandparents, everyone was dancing! If you want a DJ who will create an incredible atmosphere and make your big day truly special, Anthony is the one to call! -Izzie and Casey Knapp Over the past year we’ve received lots of comments on our wedding day.... most included some version of “... and the music at the reception was incredible” or “we haven’t danced that much in years”. Anthony turned the best day of our lives into the best party of lives. Our number one request was just make sure no one leaves the dance floor. Well... no one did.  In fact, our guests came running from all directions the minute the music started and we danced for our hours. Anthony listened intently to what we wanted and what we didn’t want then took it to a whole new level. We are beyond grateful. Thank you Anthony for making our reception better than we could have possibly imagined. -David and Patrick We asked Anthony to DJ our wedding and he was phenomenal. From start to finish, he was professional, creative and helpful. And more importantly, we have referred him a few other times to friends and they have thanked us for sending him their way. He also has a great ability to understand what you are looking for. From contemporary hip-pop to old school Marvin Gaye. He handles it all! -John and Katie Termini Our family and friends still bring up and rave about how great the music/dancing at our wedding reception was. Anthony is somewhat of a music savant. He set the atmosphere, read the room, and seamlessly transitioned between speeches, our first dance, and the few hours of celebratory dancing that took place as a result of his DJ super powers. In short, this guy is the Pied Piper of DJ's. If you want a high character individual with exceptional skills and a ton of experience, then this is your DJ. -Jonothan and Jillian Darville   Anthony is a guru when it comes to reading a crowd and knowing exactly the vibes they need to hear in the moment. From setting the scene for our wedding on a lake in NYC to moving through cocktail hour and dinner to starting the most epic dance party of our lives, he is gifted at leading each and every moment. We also enjoyed working with him in general and appreciated his low maintenance ability to make it all seamless from prep, setup, and tear down.  From the moment we first met when exploring our vision for the musical aspects of our wedding to now DJing our annual gala for the nonprofit closest to our hearts, 100 Cameras, where he has also developed a following, it’s safe to say that we have entrusted him with the biggest night(s) of our lives, and we advocate that you do, too! — The Popplewells  Our wedding would not have been the same without Anthony’s amazing contributions. His positive attitude, helpfulness, and musical knowledge, coupled with his masterful awareness of us and our guests, took our wedding from a celebratory ceremony to an unforgettable party. He was so sensitive and aware of the flow of the reception, always playing the right song for the right moment. We danced until our feet hurt, eventually left for our hotel, and our guests continued to dance for another two hours! We are still hearing stories about the night and that our guests have never had that much fun at a wedding. We could not recommend or trust Anthony more! -Nicole and Mason Ingram  The one thing that every single wedding guest still brings up to this day is how amazing our DJ / the music was the night of our wedding. We wanted it to feel like one big party to celebrate the day, and Anthony did just that. From our first dance, to different speeches, he seamlessly transitioned all of the music throughout the night to perfection. We  also loved how simple, easy and uncomplicated he made the entire process from beginning to end! Our guests ended up staying long after we left and dancing late into the night, which is exactly what we wanted. Our wedding absolutely wouldn’t have been the same without Anthony. He truly made our wedding what it was and there’s no question why he’s so sought after. We all had the time of our lives that night thanks to Anthony! Lindsay and Dylan Thomas  MIXES LIVE MIXES Many Hope Charity Gala  The energy on a wedding dance floor comes from people of all ages being able to say I KNOW and LOVE this song! It's about every 3 songs hitting another generations favorite to keep EVERYONE engaged. Keeping it classic with contemporary songs peppered in. Something for everyone to celebrate YOU! Summer Pool Mix  INDIE DANCE MIX Listen to Live at Hero Beach Club Montauk by Anthony Batista for free. Follow Anthony Batista to never miss another show. Latin House Live Mix High Energy House Life from Montauk  Live from Brooklyn’s Ciao Ciao. Disco Mix  Home About CIty Scape Clients Testimonials second New Page Testimials 4 Testimonials first Testimonials third New Page New Page New Page For booking inquiries email: anthony.batista@gmail.com
