
--- Landing Level Page: https://results.elections.ny.gov/candidate/13290 ---
results.elections.ny.gov Verifying you are human. This may take a few seconds. Enable JavaScript and cookies to continue

--- Landing Level Page: https://www.elsieforcouncil.com/about-elsie ---
0 0 Open Menu Close Menu Open Menu Close Menu About Elsie Encarnacion Elsie Encarnacion, born and raised in East Harlem, has spent over a decade working tirelessly for District 8. As the daughter of a public school educator and a product of the local public schools, she knows firsthand the value of education, opportunity, and community support. A Champion for District 8 Experience and Impact Over her career, Elsie has fought to bring essential resources to East Harlem and the South Bronx. Her tenure as Chief of Staff to Deputy Speaker Diana Ayala, along with her previous roles in education and community organizing, prepared her to lead with heart and purpose. Her leadership on Community Board 11, Union Settlement, and Innovation High School, among others, highlights her commitment to building a strong, resilient District 8. Core Values: Community Over Competition Elsie’s work is rooted in her core belief of ‘ Community Over Competition. ’ For her, every policy and program must serve the people first. Elsie understands the challenges of poverty in our district and is determined to tackle them head-on. She is passionate about youth development, economic growth, and fighting for fairness for everyone. By focusing on key community needs and working together with others, she believes we can create real opportunities and ease the worries many people have about being left behind. Elsie stands on the shoulders of those who came before her, and with her strong dedication and approachable leadership, she is committed to making lasting, positive changes that benefit us all. Join the Movement Join Elsie’s journey to bring positive change to District 8. Together, we can create a thriving, united community. GET INVOLVED DONATE About Elsie Encarnacion About Elsie Encarnacion Elsie Encarnacion, born and raised in East Harlem, has spent over a decade working tirelessly for District 8. As the daughter of a public school educator and a product of the local public schools, she knows firsthand the value of education, opportunity, and community support. A Champion for District 8 Experience and Impact Experience and Impact Over her career, Elsie has fought to bring essential resources to East Harlem and the South Bronx. Her tenure as Chief of Staff to Deputy Speaker Diana Ayala, along with her previous roles in education and community organizing, prepared her to lead with heart and purpose. Her leadership on Community Board 11, Union Settlement, and Innovation High School, among others, highlights her commitment to building a strong, resilient District 8. Over her career, Elsie has fought to bring essential resources to East Harlem and the South Bronx. Her tenure as Chief of Staff to Deputy Speaker Diana Ayala, along with her previous roles in education and community organizing, prepared her to lead with heart and purpose. Her leadership on Community Board 11, Union Settlement, and Innovation High School, among others, highlights her commitment to building a strong, resilient District 8. Core Values: Core Values: Community Over Competition Community Over Competition Elsie’s work is rooted in her core belief of ‘ Community Over Competition. ’ For her, every policy and program must serve the people first. Elsie’s work is rooted in her core belief of ‘ Community Over Competition. Community Over Competition. ’ For her, every policy and program must serve the people first. serve the people first.  Elsie understands the challenges of poverty in our district and is determined to tackle them head-on. She is passionate about youth development, economic growth, and fighting for fairness for everyone. By focusing on key community needs and working together with others, she believes we can create real opportunities and ease the worries many people have about being left behind. Elsie stands on the shoulders of those who came before her, and with her strong dedication and approachable leadership, she is committed to making lasting, positive changes that benefit us all. Join the Movement Join the Movement Join the Movement Join Elsie’s journey to bring positive change to District 8. Join Elsie’s journey to bring positive change to District 8. Together, we can create a thriving, united community. Together, we can create a thriving, united community. About Elsie About Elsie Priorities Priorities Contact Contact Donate Donate Subscribe Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.  Sign Up

--- 2nd Level Page: https://www.elsieforcouncil.com/priorities ---
0 0 Open Menu Close Menu Open Menu Close Menu Creating a Stronger District 8, Together Elsie’s Vision for District 8 Housing With over eight years of council experience and her work as the chair of the land use committee of Community Board 11, Elsie brings a comprehensive understanding of housing and housing affordability. Elsie not only recognizes, but firmly believes, that it is essential to protect vulnerable populations from displacement which fosters stable communities and promotes social equity. Elsie aims to create sustainable solutions that contribute to long-term community stability and resilience while enhancing the quality of life for all residents by: Supporting deep affordability in development projects Ensuring that housing remains accessible to all income levels Providing funding and advocating for projects that align with the specific community needs Acknowledging that wages, cultural institutions, and local businesses all play a vital role in the housing ecosystem Youth & Education Understanding the significant challenges facing the education system, Elsie is prepared to unite families, educators, and advocates to battle for the highest-quality education possible. With 11 years of impactful experience in education, Elsie is fiercely dedicated to creating opportunities for young people, placing youth development at the forefront of her priorities. Her impact includes: Mentored countless youth, fostering their growth and leadership skills Lead initiatives such as youth councils, which she plans to reinstate if elected to the council Developed a platform to combat youth violence Advocating and securing increased funding for youth programs that stimulate workforce development opportunities Led the charge in revitalizing participatory budgeting in the district, with a specific focus on schools. Dedicating 2 Million dollars to Capital funding for schools in District 8. Elsie's extensive experience with youth highlights her genuine commitment to making a difference. Small Business & Economic Development Small businesses are truly the heart and soul of our community; recognizing the vital role they play in creating jobs and providing essential services. Elsie believes in creating an environment where businesses can thrive. In her current role Elsie has: Supported street clean-ups which help keep our corridors clean Advocated for investments in lighting and safety that contribute to a welcoming atmosphere for both residents and visitors. Participated in the process of creating the 125th Street Business Improvement District (BID). Worked alongside SBS to create job fairs, resume writing workshops and small business development fairs. Her vision is clear: she aims to keep infusing resources into programs that strengthen our local economy and help it flourish. But Elsie's commitment doesn't end with small businesses; she is also passionate about opening doors for our youths' economic growth and advocates for equitable wages aiming to create real pathways for young people as they enter the job market. With her unwavering dedication to both local businesses and youth empowerment, Elsie is determined to make a lasting impact on the economic landscape of our community. Creating a Stronger District 8, Together Elsie’s Vision for District 8 Elsie’s Vision for District 8 Elsie’s Vision for District 8 Housing With over eight years of council experience and her work as the chair of the land use committee of Community Board 11, Elsie brings a comprehensive understanding of housing and housing affordability. Elsie not only recognizes, but firmly believes, that it is essential to protect vulnerable populations from displacement which fosters stable communities and promotes social equity. Elsie aims to create sustainable solutions that contribute to long-term community stability and resilience while enhancing the quality of life for all residents by: Supporting deep affordability in development projects Supporting deep affordability in development projects Ensuring that housing remains accessible to all income levels Ensuring that housing remains accessible to all income levels Providing funding and advocating for projects that align with the specific community needs Providing funding and advocating for projects that align with the specific community needs Acknowledging that wages, cultural institutions, and local businesses all play a vital role in the housing ecosystem Acknowledging that wages, cultural institutions, and local businesses all play a vital role in the housing ecosystem Youth & Education Understanding the significant challenges facing the education system, Elsie is prepared to unite families, educators, and advocates to battle for the highest-quality education possible. With 11 years of impactful experience in education, Elsie is fiercely dedicated to creating opportunities for young people, placing youth development at the forefront of her priorities. Her impact includes: Mentored countless youth, fostering their growth and leadership skills Mentored countless youth, fostering their growth and leadership skills Lead initiatives such as youth councils, which she plans to reinstate if elected to the council Lead initiatives such as youth councils, which she plans to reinstate if elected to the council Developed a platform to combat youth violence Developed a platform to combat youth violence Advocating and securing increased funding for youth programs that stimulate workforce development opportunities Advocating and securing increased funding for youth programs that stimulate workforce development opportunities Led the charge in revitalizing participatory budgeting in the district, with a specific focus on schools. Dedicating 2 Million dollars to Capital funding for schools in District 8. Led the charge in revitalizing participatory budgeting in the district, with a specific focus on schools. Dedicating 2 Million dollars to Capital funding for schools in District 8. Elsie's extensive experience with youth highlights her genuine commitment to making a difference. Small Business & Economic Development Small businesses are truly the heart and soul of our community; recognizing the vital role they play in creating jobs and providing essential services. Elsie believes in creating an environment where businesses can thrive. In her current role Elsie has: Supported street clean-ups which help keep our corridors clean Supported street clean-ups which help keep our corridors clean Advocated for investments in lighting and safety that contribute to a welcoming atmosphere for both residents and visitors. Advocated for investments in lighting and safety that contribute to a welcoming atmosphere for both residents and visitors. Participated in the process of creating the 125th Street Business Improvement District (BID). Participated in the process of creating the 125th Street Business Improvement District (BID). Worked alongside SBS to create job fairs, resume writing workshops and small business development fairs. Worked alongside SBS to create job fairs, resume writing workshops and small business development fairs. Her vision is clear: she aims to keep infusing resources into programs that strengthen our local economy and help it flourish. But Elsie's commitment doesn't end with small businesses; she is also passionate about opening doors for our youths' economic growth and advocates for equitable wages aiming to create real pathways for young people as they enter the job market. With her unwavering dedication to both local businesses and youth empowerment, Elsie is determined to make a lasting impact on the economic landscape of our community. About Elsie About Elsie Priorities Priorities Contact Contact Donate Donate Subscribe Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.  Sign Up

--- 3rd Level Page: http://twitter.com/elsieforcouncil ---
This browser is no longer supported. Please switch to a supported browser to continue using x.com. You can see a list of supported browsers in our Help Center. Help Center Terms of Service Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Imprint Ads info © 2025 X Corp.

--- 3rd Level Page: https://www.elsieforcouncil.com/donate ---
0 0 Open Menu Close Menu Open Menu Close Menu Support Elsie Today! Donate to our campaign for New York City Council! Support Elsie Today! Support Elsie Today! Donate to our campaign for New York City Council! Donate to our campaign for New York City Council! Donate to our campaign for New York City Council! About Elsie About Elsie Priorities Priorities Contact Contact Donate Donate Subscribe Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.  Sign Up

--- 3rd Level Page: https://www.elsieforcouncil.com/ ---
0 0 Open Menu Close Menu Open Menu Close Menu ELSIE ENCARNACION: Community Over Competition Building District 8’s Future, Together Fighting for East Harlem and the South Bronx Support Elsie Get Involved Meet Elsie Elsie Encarnacion, a lifelong resident of District 8, has dedicated over a decade to advocating for affordable housing, quality education, and economic empowerment. Driven by the needs of East Harlem and the South Bronx, Elsie’s work centers on uplifting her community, always putting people before politics. Learn More Community-Centric Impact Through her roles as Chief of Staff to Deputy Speaker Diana Ayala and Director of Youth Services to City Council Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito, Elsie remains committed to creating real change. Her initiative, ‘Community Over Competition,’ embodies her belief in putting community voices first, ensuring they guide every decision. “Engagement has always been the foundation of my work. Our future lies in the strength of our community and the power of collaboration.” Elsie Encarnacion Join Elsie on this journey to uplift District 8. Together, we can create a brighter future for East Harlem and the South Bronx. JOIN ELSIE TODAY DONATE GET INVOLVED ELSIE ENCARNACION: ELSIE ENCARNACION: ELSIE ENCARNACION: Community Over Competition Community Over Competition Building District 8’s Future, Together Building District 8’s Future, Together Fighting for East Harlem and the South Bronx Fighting for East Harlem and the South Bronx Fighting for East Harlem and the South Bronx Meet Elsie Meet Elsie Elsie Encarnacion, a lifelong resident of District 8, has dedicated over a decade to advocating for affordable housing, quality education, and economic empowerment. Driven by the needs of East Harlem and the South Bronx, Elsie’s work centers on uplifting her community, always putting people before politics. Elsie Encarnacion, a lifelong resident of District 8, has dedicated over a decade to advocating for affordable housing, quality education, and economic empowerment. Driven by the needs of East Harlem and the South Bronx, Elsie’s work centers on uplifting her community, always putting people before politics. Community-Centric Impact Through her roles as Chief of Staff to Deputy Speaker Diana Ayala and Director of Youth Services to City Council Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito, Elsie remains committed to creating real change. Her initiative, ‘Community Over Competition,’ embodies her belief in putting community voices first, ensuring they guide every decision. “Engagement has always been the foundation of my work. Our future lies in the strength of our community and the power of collaboration.” Elsie Encarnacion Join Elsie on this journey to uplift District 8. Together, we can create a brighter future for East Harlem and the South Bronx. JOIN ELSIE TODAY About Elsie About Elsie Priorities Priorities Contact Contact Donate Donate Subscribe Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.  Sign Up

--- 3rd Level Page: https://www.elsieforcouncil.com#page ---
0 0 Open Menu Close Menu Open Menu Close Menu ELSIE ENCARNACION: Community Over Competition Building District 8’s Future, Together Fighting for East Harlem and the South Bronx Support Elsie Get Involved Meet Elsie Elsie Encarnacion, a lifelong resident of District 8, has dedicated over a decade to advocating for affordable housing, quality education, and economic empowerment. Driven by the needs of East Harlem and the South Bronx, Elsie’s work centers on uplifting her community, always putting people before politics. Learn More Community-Centric Impact Through her roles as Chief of Staff to Deputy Speaker Diana Ayala and Director of Youth Services to City Council Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito, Elsie remains committed to creating real change. Her initiative, ‘Community Over Competition,’ embodies her belief in putting community voices first, ensuring they guide every decision. “Engagement has always been the foundation of my work. Our future lies in the strength of our community and the power of collaboration.” Elsie Encarnacion Join Elsie on this journey to uplift District 8. Together, we can create a brighter future for East Harlem and the South Bronx. JOIN ELSIE TODAY DONATE GET INVOLVED ELSIE ENCARNACION: ELSIE ENCARNACION: ELSIE ENCARNACION: Community Over Competition Community Over Competition Building District 8’s Future, Together Building District 8’s Future, Together Fighting for East Harlem and the South Bronx Fighting for East Harlem and the South Bronx Fighting for East Harlem and the South Bronx Meet Elsie Meet Elsie Elsie Encarnacion, a lifelong resident of District 8, has dedicated over a decade to advocating for affordable housing, quality education, and economic empowerment. Driven by the needs of East Harlem and the South Bronx, Elsie’s work centers on uplifting her community, always putting people before politics. Elsie Encarnacion, a lifelong resident of District 8, has dedicated over a decade to advocating for affordable housing, quality education, and economic empowerment. Driven by the needs of East Harlem and the South Bronx, Elsie’s work centers on uplifting her community, always putting people before politics. Community-Centric Impact Through her roles as Chief of Staff to Deputy Speaker Diana Ayala and Director of Youth Services to City Council Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito, Elsie remains committed to creating real change. Her initiative, ‘Community Over Competition,’ embodies her belief in putting community voices first, ensuring they guide every decision. “Engagement has always been the foundation of my work. Our future lies in the strength of our community and the power of collaboration.” Elsie Encarnacion Join Elsie on this journey to uplift District 8. Together, we can create a brighter future for East Harlem and the South Bronx. JOIN ELSIE TODAY About Elsie About Elsie Priorities Priorities Contact Contact Donate Donate Subscribe Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.  Sign Up

--- 3rd Level Page: https://www.elsieforcouncil.com/cart ---
0 0 Open Menu Close Menu Open Menu Close Menu About Elsie About Elsie Priorities Priorities Contact Contact Donate Donate Subscribe Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.  Sign Up

--- 3rd Level Page: http://instagram.com/elsieforcouncil ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://www.elsieforcouncil.com ---
0 0 Open Menu Close Menu Open Menu Close Menu ELSIE ENCARNACION: Community Over Competition Building District 8’s Future, Together Fighting for East Harlem and the South Bronx Support Elsie Get Involved Meet Elsie Elsie Encarnacion, a lifelong resident of District 8, has dedicated over a decade to advocating for affordable housing, quality education, and economic empowerment. Driven by the needs of East Harlem and the South Bronx, Elsie’s work centers on uplifting her community, always putting people before politics. Learn More Community-Centric Impact Through her roles as Chief of Staff to Deputy Speaker Diana Ayala and Director of Youth Services to City Council Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito, Elsie remains committed to creating real change. Her initiative, ‘Community Over Competition,’ embodies her belief in putting community voices first, ensuring they guide every decision. “Engagement has always been the foundation of my work. Our future lies in the strength of our community and the power of collaboration.” Elsie Encarnacion Join Elsie on this journey to uplift District 8. Together, we can create a brighter future for East Harlem and the South Bronx. JOIN ELSIE TODAY DONATE GET INVOLVED ELSIE ENCARNACION: ELSIE ENCARNACION: ELSIE ENCARNACION: Community Over Competition Community Over Competition Building District 8’s Future, Together Building District 8’s Future, Together Fighting for East Harlem and the South Bronx Fighting for East Harlem and the South Bronx Fighting for East Harlem and the South Bronx Meet Elsie Meet Elsie Elsie Encarnacion, a lifelong resident of District 8, has dedicated over a decade to advocating for affordable housing, quality education, and economic empowerment. Driven by the needs of East Harlem and the South Bronx, Elsie’s work centers on uplifting her community, always putting people before politics. Elsie Encarnacion, a lifelong resident of District 8, has dedicated over a decade to advocating for affordable housing, quality education, and economic empowerment. Driven by the needs of East Harlem and the South Bronx, Elsie’s work centers on uplifting her community, always putting people before politics. Community-Centric Impact Through her roles as Chief of Staff to Deputy Speaker Diana Ayala and Director of Youth Services to City Council Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito, Elsie remains committed to creating real change. Her initiative, ‘Community Over Competition,’ embodies her belief in putting community voices first, ensuring they guide every decision. “Engagement has always been the foundation of my work. Our future lies in the strength of our community and the power of collaboration.” Elsie Encarnacion Join Elsie on this journey to uplift District 8. Together, we can create a brighter future for East Harlem and the South Bronx. JOIN ELSIE TODAY About Elsie About Elsie Priorities Priorities Contact Contact Donate Donate Subscribe Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.  Sign Up

--- 3rd Level Page: https://www.elsieforcouncil.com/contact ---
0 0 Open Menu Close Menu Open Menu Close Menu Let Your Voice Be Heard Have questions, concerns, or want to get involved? Elsie wants to hear from you. Your voice is essential to the future of East Harlem and the South Bronx. Together, we can make lasting change. elsie4council2025 [at] gmail.com Name * First Name Last Name Email * Phone (###) ### #### Message * Thank you! Looking to volunteer or organize? Join us in building a stronger District 8. Get Involved Today → Let Your Voice Be Heard Have questions, concerns, or want to get involved? Elsie wants to hear from you. Your voice is essential to the future of East Harlem and the South Bronx. Together, we can make lasting change. elsie4council2025 [at] gmail.com elsie4council2025 [at] gmail.com * First Name Last Name * (###) ### #### * Looking to volunteer or organize? Looking to volunteer or organize? Looking to volunteer or organize? Join us in building a stronger District 8. Join us in building a stronger District 8. Join us in building a stronger District 8.  Get Involved Today → Get Involved Today → Get Involved Today → About Elsie About Elsie Priorities Priorities Contact Contact Donate Donate Subscribe Sign up with your email address to receive news and updates.  Sign Up

--- Landing Level Page: https://contribute.nycvotes.org/campaigns/elsieencarnacion/contributions/new ---
Contribute Contribute Contribute Elsie R Encarnacion 2025 City Council | District 08 Committee To Elect Elsie Encarnacion 2025   $25 $50 $75 $100 $175 NYC resident? With matching funds, your $0.00 contribution can be worth $0.00 . $0.00 $0.00 Go  Go All fields are required unless otherwise noted. Apt / Suite / Floor (optional) AK AL AR AS AZ CA CO CT DC DE FL GA GU HI IA ID IL IN KS KY LA MA MD ME MI MN MO MP MS MT NC ND NE NH NJ NM NV NY OH OK OR PA PR RI SC SD TN TX UM UT VA VI VT WA WI WV WY N/A Go  If a contributor has business dealings with the City as defined in the Campaign Finance Act, such contributor may give only up to $250 for city council member, $320 for borough president, and $400 for mayor, public advocate or comptroller. Go Rules on Contributions from People Doing Business with the City of New York A “doing business” contributor is a lobbyist, principal owner, principal officer, or senior manager of an entity or firm that presently does business with the City, or within the past 12 months, has done business with the City or has bid or applied for business with the City. Organizations that are “doing business” with the city generally fit one of the following descriptions: Contributors are not considered to be doing business with the City simply because they pay or receive a rebate on City taxes, work for the City, are in a City pension plan, hire a lobbyist, apply for permits for a 1, 2, or 3 family home, drive a City taxi, or apply for street activity permits or other kinds of individual activities with the City. Contributions from or intermediated by persons doing business with the City will not be matched with public funds. For more details or to verify whether you are listed on the Doing Business database, see http://www.nyccfb.info/candidate-services/doing-business-faqs/ All fields are required unless otherwise noted. Apt / Suite / Floor (optional) AK AL AR AS AZ CA CO CT DC DE FL GA GU HI IA ID IL IN KS KY LA MA MD ME MI MN MO MP MS MT NC ND NE NH NJ NM NV NY OH OK OR PA PR RI SC SD TN TX UM UT VA VI VT WA WI WV WY N/A Go  Go  Although my billing address is different than my home address, the card is paid from my personal funds. Go All fields are required unless otherwise noted. Apt / Suite / Floor (optional) AK AL AR AS AZ CA CO CT DC DE FL GA GU HI IA ID IL IN KS KY LA MA MD ME MI MN MO MP MS MT NC ND NE NH NJ NM NV NY OH OK OR PA PR RI SC SD TN TX UM UT VA VI VT WA WI WV WY N/A Go Please review contributor information below. Click “Back” to change any details. Contribution Amount:   Name:    Email:   Phone:   Residential Address:        Reason Billing Address is Different:   Billing Address:              Employment Status:   Employer:   Occupation:   Employer Address:        Doing business with NYC:   All fields are required. Go Contribution Affirmation By proceeding with this transaction, you (1) agree to this site’s Contribution Rules, Terms and Conditions , and Privacy Policy; (2) authorize the campaign’s payment processor to charge your account for the contribution amount; (3) affirm that the information provided by you is true, complete, and correct to the best of your knowledge and is supplied in good faith; (4) affirm that you are authorized to make this contribution using the credit or debit card information included in your payment instructions; (5) affirm that you are a natural person and not an organization of any kind; and (6) affirm the following statement: I understand that State law requires that a contribution be in my name and be from my own funds. I hereby affirm that I was not, nor, to my knowledge, was anyone else, reimbursed in any manner for this contribution; that this contribution is not being made as a loan; and that this contribution is being made from my personal funds or my personal account, which has no corporate or business affiliation. Contribute FAQs Contribute FAQs Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Terms and Conditions Contact Contribute Contact Contribute Twitter Instagram Facebook YouTube About Us Contact Us NYC Campaign Finance Board About Us Contact Us NYC Campaign Finance Board Twitter Instagram Facebook YouTube

--- 2nd Level Page: https://contribute.nycvotes.org/legals/terms_and_conditions_for_contributors ---
Contribute Contribute Contribute Contribute Terms and Conditions for Contributors CONTRIBUTE IS AN ONLINE CREDIT AND DEBIT CARD CONTRIBUTIONS PLATFORM LOCATED AT CONTRIBUTE.NYCVOTES.ORG (“THE WEBSITE”) CREATED AND MAINTAINED BY THE NEW YORK CITY CAMPAIGN FINANCE BOARD (“CFB”) AS PART OF ITS NYC VOTES INITIATIVE. BY USING THIS WEBSITE, YOU AGREE TO THE FOLLOWING CONTRIBUTOR TERMS AND CONDITIONS THAT GOVERN YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE AS WELL AS THE SERVICES ACCESSED FROM IT. For comments or suggestions regarding these Terms and Conditions or any information contained on the Website, please contact us at contribute@nyccfb.info .
For any questions about how your contribution was processed, contact the campaign to which you made a contribution. General Information Contribute is designed to enable candidates running for New York City mayor, public advocate, comptroller, borough president, or city council, who have registered a candidate committee with the CFB, to solicit and accept campaign contributions by credit and debit card online. It is anticipated that the Website will be available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, except for scheduled maintenance periods. However, unexpected outages that prevent users from using the Website may occur, and the CFB does not guarantee its availability. By using the Website, you are consenting to these Terms and Conditions. If you access the Website from any non-U.S. territory, please note you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with any local laws. Your use of "robots," "spiders," malware, malicious codes or programs, bots, scraping, trolling, automated programs, or any use that adversely affects the Website, users of the Website, or Website or server bandwidth is strictly prohibited. Definitions In these Terms and Conditions, the word "Account" is the credit or debit card account you designate to issue the contributions you make on the Website. "Agreement" refers to the terms and conditions stated herein, or as amended by us from time to time. “Campaign” refers to the campaign to which you are making a contribution. “Stripe” is the payment processor used by the Campaign to process your contribution. "Financial Institution" refers to the bank or card issuer that holds or issues your Account. The words "we," "our" and "us" refer to the CFB. The words "you" and "your" refer to the user of the Website. DISCLAIMERS We disclaim, for our vendors and ourselves, all warranties, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, any implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose with respect to the quality, content, accuracy, completeness, currency, freedom from interruption, freedom from computer virus and freedom from errors or omissions. In no event shall we or any of our vendors be liable for (a) errors caused by you, including but not limited to your supplying incorrect or incomplete information or your failure to protect your data while using the Website or (b) to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all damages, including indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages including, but not limited to, damages for lost profits, disclosure of confidential information or loss of privacy arising out of or in any way related to your use of, or inability to use the Website. We encourage all users of the Website to be vigilant and to carefully protect their private and confidential data. By using this Website, you expressly agree that your use of the Website and any information contained herein is at your sole risk. Scheduled maintenance periods, unexpected service outages, and periods of unavailability, may occur. In no event, will we or our vendors be liable to you for your inability to use the Website during such periods or outages. In addition, in no event will we or any of our vendors be liable for any act or omission of any third party, including but not limited to your Financial Institution, any contribution system, or any provider of telecommunications services, Internet access or computer equipment or software, or for any force majeure event beyond our control including, but not limited to, fire, flood or other natural disaster, war, riot, strike, act of civil or military authority, equipment failure, computer virus, or failure or interruption of electrical, telecommunications or other utility services. We are not liable for delays caused by a mail or email service or any contribution or clearinghouse system. Privacy of Information These Terms include our privacy policy , which describes how we use your personal information. By using this Website, you acknowledge that we will receive certain personal information, and that you are voluntarily providing this information to us. We will not rent, sell or otherwise make available to any third party any information that identifies you or contributions you make, other than to the Campaign to which you are contributing, or to process your contribution, or to comply with applicable law, rules or regulations, including the requirement that we post contributor names, employers, occupations, and the amount of their contributions on the CFB website. If you are concerned about the accuracy of any information displayed on the CFB website, you must contact the campaign to which you gave the contribution. Your information will be shared with both the Campaign to which you are contributing and with us, just as it would be if you made a credit or debit card contribution directly to the Campaign at a Campaign event using a credit card reader or similar device or by using the Campaign’s website. Access to Other Information The Website maintains records containing personal information about contributors, or information that can be identified or associated with a particular contributor, for the purposes of providing public disclosure, as part of the CFB’s routine business as an agency of the City of New York, in furtherance of its missions and duties and/or obligations to citizens of the City of New York. Examples of this information include the name of the Campaign receiving the contribution, a contributor’s address, employer, or occupation, and the amount of the contributor’s contribution. To the extent these records contain information that is not considered confidential, such information may be disclosed to the public, posted on the CFB website, or made available to the campaign through Website as part of the contribution information. If you are concerned about the accuracy of any information displayed on the CFB website, you must contact the campaign to which you gave the contribution. Credit card transaction information may be stored by the Campaign’s payment processor. Security To process your contribution securely, we use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), a security protocol that provides data encryption, server authentication, and message integrity for connections to the Internet, to ensure that Account numbers and personal data you provide by using the Website are not transmitted over the Internet unencrypted and cannot be viewed by unauthorized individuals. Using the Website Contribute is an Internet-based service that allows you to make contributions to a Campaign via the Internet using your credit or debit card. By using the Website you instruct Stripe, the Campaign’s payment processor or its authorized agent to debit or charge your Account, which allows your contribution to be forwarded to the Campaign, based on the Campaign’s agreement with its payment processor and the contribution instructions you provide on the Website, subject to this Agreement. In order to use the Website, you must provide all requested information. Because federal law prohibits contributions by foreign nationals, you must be a United States citizen or a green card holder. The contribution must be made in U.S. dollars and is not tax-deductible.  The contribution must be made from your own funds and not from funds provided to you by another person or entity. The Account must be your own and must be a personal account, not a business account. You authorize the Campaign’s payment processor or its authorized agent to electronically order the Financial Institution to debit (i.e., make a charge against) your Account in the amount you specify and to initiate any debit or credit entries or reversals, as the case may be, to your Account as may be necessary to make the contribution and to correct any error. Your Account will show a separate transaction for the contribution to the Campaign. Once you complete a transaction on the Website, your authorization to debit or charge your Account for this specific contribution shall remain in full force. Your contribution is considered approved when you receive an online confirmation. In Case of Errors or Questions about Your Contribution If you dispute anything related to how your contribution was processed, you must contact the Campaign. You agree to contact the Campaign as soon as possible if you believe that an error has occurred, or if there has been unauthorized use of your Account. Using this system does not guarantee or improve the chances of a Campaign receiving public funds through the Campaign Finance Program. We are not responsible for any Website, vendor, third-party, contributor, or campaign errors that might make a particular contribution ineligible for public matching funds pursuant to the New York City Campaign Finance Program. Limits on Use You must be the person authorized to make a contribution using the credit or debit card information provided to the Campaign on the Website. You agree not to use the Website in an amount that will exceed the funds or available credit line in your Account. If you do, the Campaign has no obligation to complete the transaction and you agree that the Campaign may debit your Account for its payment processor’s returned item fee or other similar fee. Your use of your Account may be limited by your agreement with your Financial Institution and by applicable law. Neither the Campaign nor the CFB is responsible for not completing a transaction as a result of any such limit on your Account and are not responsible if your Financial Institution fails to honor any charge or debit against your Account. At the Campaign’s payment processor’s sole discretion, it may refuse to complete any transaction, which it has reason to believe is not made by you, may violate any law, rule or regulation, or if it has reasonable cause not to honor it. Communications/Verifications Communications to us via the Website or the Contribute email address shall in no way be deemed to constitute legal or official notice to the CFB, or the City of New York, its agencies, officers, employees, representatives or agents with respect to any existing, pending or future claim or cause of action against the CFB or the City of New York or any of its agencies, officers, employees, representatives or agents where notice is required by federal, state, or local law. Communications to the CFB or the City of New York via the Website or the Contribute email address shall not be deemed to constitute legal or official notice for any other purpose. We ask all Website users to use appropriate names and language in the name spaces, address spaces and other spaces (if any) provided on the Website. Users are prohibited from using false email addresses. Governing Law This agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the City and State of New York (notwithstanding New York choice of law or conflict of law principles), and the laws of the United States, where applicable. Jurisdiction You agree that any and all claims asserted by or against the CFB or the City of New York arising under or related to this Agreement or your use of the Website shall solely be heard and determined either in the courts of the United States located in the City or in the courts of the State located in the City and County of New York. You further agree that any cause of action arising out of this Agreement, or your use of the Website, shall be deemed to have arisen from a transaction of business in the State of New York. Amendments We may amend these Terms and Conditions from time to time. In such event, we will post the amended Terms and Conditions on the Website. Liability Should you choose to terminate or discontinue your use of the Website, you shall nonetheless remain liable for all amounts you contributed using the Website. You agree to pay all costs and expenses that the Campaign’s payment processor may incur in order to collect any amounts you owe under these Terms and Conditions. Feedback We welcome your comments regarding the Website. Feedback can be directed to us by email to contribute@nyccfb.info . Miscellaneous This Agreement constitutes the full agreement between you and the CFB related to the use of the Website. If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, all other provisions will remain in full force and effect. The CFB, and any vendors or third party contractors partnered with the CFB to provide the Website, may choose not to exercise or to delay enforcement of any  rights under this Agreement without losing them. Copyright 2025 The New York City Campaign Finance Board Contribute FAQs Contribute FAQs Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Terms and Conditions Contact Contribute Contact Contribute Twitter Instagram Facebook YouTube About Us Contact Us NYC Campaign Finance Board About Us Contact Us NYC Campaign Finance Board Twitter Instagram Facebook YouTube

--- 2nd Level Page: https://contribute.nycvotes.org/legals/privacy_policy ---
Contribute Contribute Contribute Contribute Privacy Policy Contribute (“Contribute”) is an online credit and debit card contributions
platform located at contribute.nycvotes.org (“the Website”) that is created and maintained
by the New York City Campaign Finance Board (“CFB”) as part of its Contribute initiative. Collection of Information by Contribute In order to improve the content and usability of the Website, the CFB automatically
collects several categories of information from users. This information includes the
following: The apparent Internet Protocol ("IP") address of your Internet Service
Provider ("ISP") and/or your computer, if your computer has an IP address
assigned directly to it. 1 The apparent Fully Qualified Domain Name ("Domain Name") of a user’s Internet
Service Provider ("ISP") and/or your computer, if your computer has a domain
name assigned directly to it. 2 The type of browser (such as, for example, Chrome, Safari, Firefox, Edge,
Internet Explorer, etc.) used and the operating system resident on a user's computer. The date and time a user visited the site. The web pages accessed at the site, as well as any applications used and forms data. The Uniform Resource Locator ("URL") of the site which a user visited prior to
Contribute (if detectable), if such user did not connect directly to Contribute,
or use it as a homepage or "Portal." The apparent Internet Protocol ("IP") address of your Internet Service
Provider ("ISP") and/or your computer, if your computer has an IP address
assigned directly to it. 1 The apparent Fully Qualified Domain Name ("Domain Name") of a user’s Internet
Service Provider ("ISP") and/or your computer, if your computer has a domain
name assigned directly to it. 2 The type of browser (such as, for example, Chrome, Safari, Firefox, Edge,
Internet Explorer, etc.) used and the operating system resident on a user's computer. The date and time a user visited the site. The web pages accessed at the site, as well as any applications used and forms data. The Uniform Resource Locator ("URL") of the site which a user visited prior to
Contribute (if detectable), if such user did not connect directly to Contribute,
or use it as a homepage or "Portal." The CFB uses this information to identify site performance needs, to ensure compatibility
with the technology used by Contribute's visitors, and to generally add and improve services
offered by Contribute. In order to accomplish those goals, from time to time the CFB may
conduct statistical analysis of the data it collects. Any information collected, retained,
or disclosed by the CFB is treated in accordance with the City of New York’s Identifying
Information Law, as well as other relevant federal, state, and local laws. The CFB does not collect data for commercial or marketing purposes, 3 and the CFB does not sell, exchange or otherwise distribute the data collected by Contribute for commercial or
marketing purposes. Information Submitted to Contribute During a session on Contribute, a user may affirmatively submit information to
the CFB by, among other means, electronic mail ("email"), filling in and
submitting an online form, or by electing to personalize Contribute and use
it as a customized portal. Such affirmatively submitted information is stored
in a secure environment, and will be used by the CFB
as part of its routine business as an agency of the City of New York,
in furtherance of its mission and
duties and/or obligations to citizens of the City of New York
(i.e., "governmental purposes"). 4 The governmental purposes of affirmatively submitted information may include,
but are not limited to, the following: Helping the CFB respond to a request for information not readily available from
Contribute. Investigating a problem reported to the CFB via Contribute. 5 Keeping lists of those who are interested in some particular issue or facet of the
CFB’s work or who request to receive information about the CFB's work or voter
information. Sending informational updates about CFB’s work and conducting outreach on topics
such as, but not limited to, voter education and civic engagement. Assisting users in registering to vote, checking their voter registration, correcting
their voter registration, finding their political representatives, finding out about
candidates running for office in their district, and obtaining a copy of their election ballot. Assisting the CFB with its voter education and campaign finance mandates by tracking
the numbers of users of the services and the services used on Contribute. Disclosure of such information required to be disclosed by the CFB under the provisions
of the New York City Charter and New York City Campaign Finance Act, or pursuant to a
request made under Freedom of Information Law ("FOIL") or court order, if such
information is not protected by federal, state, or local law. 6 Helping the CFB respond to a request for information not readily available from
Contribute. Investigating a problem reported to the CFB via Contribute. 5 Keeping lists of those who are interested in some particular issue or facet of the
CFB’s work or who request to receive information about the CFB's work or voter
information. Sending informational updates about CFB’s work and conducting outreach on topics
such as, but not limited to, voter education and civic engagement. Assisting users in registering to vote, checking their voter registration, correcting
their voter registration, finding their political representatives, finding out about
candidates running for office in their district, and obtaining a copy of their election ballot. Assisting the CFB with its voter education and campaign finance mandates by tracking
the numbers of users of the services and the services used on Contribute. Disclosure of such information required to be disclosed by the CFB under the provisions
of the New York City Charter and New York City Campaign Finance Act, or pursuant to a
request made under Freedom of Information Law ("FOIL") or court order, if such
information is not protected by federal, state, or local law. 6 The CFB does not rent or sell personally identifiable information (i.e., information such
as name, birth date, address, phone number, email, etc., or other information that
identifies or could lead to the identification of a user as a particular person), nor
would the CFB exchange or trade such information with third parties without a user's
explicit permission. The CFB does not disclose credit card or other personally identifiable
information other than as necessary to complete a voter registration inquiry or credit
card or other financial transaction, or upon explicit permission from the applicable user.
All such use by the CFB of financial information shall be subject to the section of this
policy on financial issues, set forth below. If a Contribute user has elected not to receive further information from the CFB, the CFB
will not send such information. If the CFB sends email to a user, such email is not
confidential, 7 and is identical in nature to that information generally available to the public and news
media. Security and Monitoring In certain instances, a user may have the opportunity to receive or create a password to
access or submit personally identifiable information. One should not divulge a password
to anyone, and the CFB will never ask a user for a password in an email, telephone call,
fax, or other form of unsolicited communication. When a user is finished with an
application or applications that are password protected, such user should exit the
relevant page(s). If the browser used to access said password protected pages is a
publicly-accessible browser, users should close down the entire session and, if
applicable or possible, flush any temporary caches or other areas where such a password
might be stored subsequent to use, and log out of all applications. The CFB has integrated industry standard or stricter security measures and systems into
the design, implementation, and day to day operation of Contribute and its underlying
servers and networks. 8 Furthermore, the CFB maintains ongoing efforts to identify
and/or block unauthorized intrusions into, attempts to upload to or change information
on, or activities that otherwise cause damage to Contribute or the information resident
hereon or submitted hereto. 9 The act of using Contribute constitutes the user’s express consent to the CFB’s
monitoring of all uses of the system.  If such monitoring reveals possible evidence
of criminal activity or any other unauthorized use, system administration personnel
may provide your information to law enforcement or other officials, as authorized or
required by law. Cookies Cookies are text files, or entries in larger files, utilized to distinguish between
visitors to a website, and to track information during multiple visits to a website.
The CFB uses "temporary cookies" 10 on some parts of Contribute, and such temporary cookies
expire upon the end of the browsing session. The Website, and Contribute generally, do not
use "persistent cookies." 11 However, if a user registers to use Contribute as a customized
portal, the CFB uses a persistent cookie to facilitate such customization. The CFB may
also use persistent cookies to understand the distribution and patterns of unique and
repeat visitors and to enhance the accessibility of the site. The use of cookies is a standard practice among Internet websites. Most Internet web
browsers may be customized to reject cookies, to only accept or reject cookies by
user intervention, or to delete cookies. Rejecting and/or removing cookies, however,
may lead to loss of functionality on those Contribute pages requiring cookies to function
fully. Additionally, if a user has created a customized version of Contribute, the CFB
will create a cookie that contains the user's unique identifier and indicator for any
custom content modules requested and, if a user elected the "remember me" option for
signing in to Contribute, the cookie will contain a user's password. Deletion of such a
cookie could result in the loss of one's customized Contribute portal settings. Web Bugs (Web Beacons) Contribute does not use web bugs 12 on its web pages or in any html email generated by
use of the portal, or otherwise sent from Contribute, for any purpose other than to
identify site performance needs, to ensure compatibility with the technology used by
Contribute's visitors, and generally to add and improve services offered on Contribute. Children Contribute may not be used by persons under the age of 18. No applications on nycvotes.org
specifically solicit information from minors or seek to determine whether the visitor is a
minor. Consequently, because such information will not be specifically identified as being
from minors, users of Contribute should be aware that personally identifiable information
submitted to Contribute by minors will be subject to being treated in the same manner as
information given by an adult and may become subject to FOIL. The City of New York strongly believes that parental supervision is an important factor
in Internet use by minors. Therefore, Contribute asks parents to guide their minor children
when children are asked to provide any personal information online. Contribute further
asks that children ask for and receive parental consent before providing any information
online. Third Party Links Contribute provides links to, and may be linked from, federal, state, or local government
agencies, and from, or to, other websites. The existence and/or provision of those links
neither constitutes nor implies endorsement of the destination or departure website(s)
or of the content, viewpoint, accuracy, opinions, policy(ies), product(s), accessibility
or privacy policy of said destination or departure website(s). Any link between
Contribute and a third-party website also does not imply sponsorship of such website,
or the creator of such website. Some content on portions of Contribute resides on servers run by third parties and are
bound by Contribute’s privacy policy. 13 Intellectual Property The content of Contribute's webpages is copyrighted, and contains some third party
images/graphics that are used with permission. Users are therefore notified to
presume the need to obtain permission from the copyright holder before reproducing or
otherwise using images/graphics from the Website. Contribute may change this Privacy Policy from time to time, and reserves the right
to do so without notice. Copyright 2025 The New York City Campaign Finance Board Privacy Policy Footnotes An IP address is a numeric value assigned to an Internet Service Provider, a computer
network, an individual computer or router, or a firewall (collectively, "users") so
that other computers on the Internet may direct Internet message or other traffic to
such users. Until the IP addressing system is changed, an IP address will take the
form of XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX, where the X's are numbers between 1 and 9, and 0 for some
positions. The term “user” may also refer to an individual who has created an account
on Contribute. An IP address is a numeric value assigned to an Internet Service Provider, a computer
network, an individual computer or router, or a firewall (collectively, "users") so
that other computers on the Internet may direct Internet message or other traffic to
such users. Until the IP addressing system is changed, an IP address will take the
form of XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX, where the X's are numbers between 1 and 9, and 0 for some
positions. The term “user” may also refer to an individual who has created an account
on Contribute. A Domain Name is an alphanumeric value that represents the plain language (English or
such other local language as is relevant) translation of the IP address assigned to
a specific user or collection of users. For example, if a user had an IP address
of 123.123.123.123, the Domain Name that represented that address might be WWW.HOME.COM. A Domain Name is an alphanumeric value that represents the plain language (English or
such other local language as is relevant) translation of the IP address assigned to
a specific user or collection of users. For example, if a user had an IP address
of 123.123.123.123, the Domain Name that represented that address might be WWW.HOME.COM. Commercial and non-commercial marketing purposes include, for the purposes of this
policy, Unsolicited Commercial Electronic Mail (colloquially known as "SPAM" email),
targeted email for the purpose of selling products, or the sale or exchange of
personally identifiable information between parties that anticipate receiving value
in exchange for such information. Commercial and non-commercial marketing purposes include, for the purposes of this
policy, Unsolicited Commercial Electronic Mail (colloquially known as "SPAM" email),
targeted email for the purpose of selling products, or the sale or exchange of
personally identifiable information between parties that anticipate receiving value
in exchange for such information. The City of New York's duties and obligations toward its citizens are set forth in
the City Charter and in all applicable and relevant federal, state, and local law.
The CFB's duties and obligations are set forth in the City Charter as well as in the
New York City Campaign Finance Act and the CFB's Rules. The City of New York's duties and obligations toward its citizens are set forth in
the City Charter and in all applicable and relevant federal, state, and local law.
The CFB's duties and obligations are set forth in the City Charter as well as in the
New York City Campaign Finance Act and the CFB's Rules. The material you submit may be seen by various people. Among other CFB actions, we
may enter the information you send into our electronic database, to share with our
attorneys and investigators involved in law enforcement or public policy development.
We may also share it with a variety of other government agencies enforcing consumer
protection, competition, and other laws. You may be contacted by any of those agencies. The material you submit may be seen by various people. Among other CFB actions, we
may enter the information you send into our electronic database, to share with our
attorneys and investigators involved in law enforcement or public policy development.
We may also share it with a variety of other government agencies enforcing consumer
protection, competition, and other laws. You may be contacted by any of those agencies. Pursuant to Article 6 of NYS Public Officers Law 87, certain categories of
information may be exempt from such disclosure under FOIL including, but not limited
to, records whose disclosure would constitute an unwarranted invasion of personal
privacy under 89(2) of Article 6, or might endanger the life or safety of any person. Pursuant to Article 6 of NYS Public Officers Law 87, certain categories of
information may be exempt from such disclosure under FOIL including, but not limited
to, records whose disclosure would constitute an unwarranted invasion of personal
privacy under 89(2) of Article 6, or might endanger the life or safety of any person. Email is generally not secure against interception. If a communication is very
sensitive, or includes personal information like a bank account, charge card,
social security number, or other personal information, it is more prudent to
send such communication by postal mail (i.e., "snailmail") instead. Email is generally not secure against interception. If a communication is very
sensitive, or includes personal information like a bank account, charge card,
social security number, or other personal information, it is more prudent to
send such communication by postal mail (i.e., "snailmail") instead. The CFB maintains user registration information behind a "firewall" and limits
accessibility to such information to only those few employees that have special access
rights to production systems. Sensitive information submitted by users is
transmitted by Secure Socket Layer ("SSL") technology and encrypted. The CFB maintains user registration information behind a "firewall" and limits
accessibility to such information to only those few employees that have special access
rights to production systems. Sensitive information submitted by users is
transmitted by Secure Socket Layer ("SSL") technology and encrypted. For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, the CFB employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this service are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act, and such other federal, state, or local law as is applicable. For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, the CFB employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this service are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act, and such other federal, state, or local law as is applicable. Temporary or "Session Cookies" are cookie files that last or are valid only during an active communications connection, measured from beginning to end, between computer or applications (or some combination thereof) over a network. Temporary or "Session Cookies" are cookie files that last or are valid only during an active communications connection, measured from beginning to end, between computer or applications (or some combination thereof) over a network. Persistent cookies are cookie files that remain upon a user's hard drive until affirmatively removed, or until expired as provided for by a pre-set expiration date. Persistent cookies are cookie files that remain upon a user's hard drive until affirmatively removed, or until expired as provided for by a pre-set expiration date. A web bug is a clear, camouflaged or otherwise invisible graphics image format ("GIF") file placed upon a web page or in hypertext markup language ("HTML") email and used to monitor who is reading a web page or the relevant email. Web bugs can also be used for other monitoring purposes such a profiling of the affected party. A web bug is a clear, camouflaged or otherwise invisible graphics image format ("GIF") file placed upon a web page or in hypertext markup language ("HTML") email and used to monitor who is reading a web page or the relevant email. Web bugs can also be used for other monitoring purposes such a profiling of the affected party. These third parties are computers, computer networks, ISPs, or application service providers ("ASPs") that are non-governmental in nature and have direct control of what information is automatically gathered, whether cookies are used, and how voluntarily provided information is used. These third parties are computers, computer networks, ISPs, or application service providers ("ASPs") that are non-governmental in nature and have direct control of what information is automatically gathered, whether cookies are used, and how voluntarily provided information is used. Contribute FAQs Contribute FAQs Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Terms and Conditions Contact Contribute Contact Contribute Twitter Instagram Facebook YouTube About Us Contact Us NYC Campaign Finance Board About Us Contact Us NYC Campaign Finance Board Twitter Instagram Facebook YouTube

--- 2nd Level Page: https://contribute.nycvotes.org/legals/terms_and_conditions_for_campaigns ---
Contribute Contribute Contribute Contribute Terms and Conditions for Campaigns CONTRIBUTE IS AN ONLINE CREDIT AND DEBIT CARD CONTRIBUTIONS PLATFORM LOCATED AT CONTRIBUTE.NYCVOTES.ORG (“THE WEBSITE”) CREATED AND MAINTAINED BY THE NEW YORK CITY CAMPAIGN FINANCE BOARD (“CFB”) AS PART OF ITS NYC VOTES INITIATIVE. BY USING THIS WEBSITE, YOU AGREE TO THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS THAT GOVERN THE USE OF THE WEBSITE AS WELL AS THE SERVICES ACCESSED FROM IT. For comments or suggestions regarding these Terms and Conditions or any information contained on the Website, please contact us at contribute@nyccfb.info. General Information Contribute is designed to enable candidates running for New York City mayor, public advocate, comptroller, borough president, or city council, who have registered a candidate committee with the CFB to solicit and accept campaign contributions by credit and debit card online. It is anticipated that the Website will be available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, except for scheduled maintenance periods. However, unexpected outages that prevent users from using the Website may occur, and the CFB does not guarantee its availability. By using the Website, you are consenting to these Terms and Conditions, our privacy policy, and Contribute’s use of cookies to enhance the User experience. Your use of this Website is also governed by your CFB registration, in which you have agreed to comply with the New York City Campaign Finance Act (“Act”) and the CFB Rules (“Rules”). If you access the Website from any non-U.S. territory, please note you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with any local laws. Your use of "robots," "spiders," malware, malicious codes or programs, bots, scraping, trolling, automated programs, or any use that adversely affects the Website, users of the Website, or Website or server bandwidth is strictly prohibited. Definitions In these Terms and Conditions “Account” refers to the Campaign bank account into which contributions raised on the Website will be deposited by Stripe, the campaign’s payment processor. "Agreement" refers to these Terms and Conditions and the Privacy Policy, as well as the Campaign’s registration with the CFB. "Business Days" means Monday through Friday, except for City of New York holidays. “Campaign” refers to: a) a candidate for nomination for election or election to mayor, public advocate, comptroller, borough president, or city council who has registered a campaign committee with the CFB, and who uses, or whose agents use the Website to raise contributions; b) any authorized committee of such candidate, as defined in the Act; c) the treasurer of any such authorized committee; and d) any agent of such candidate, authorized committee or treasurer. “Financial Institution” refers to the bank that holds or issues your Account. “Fundraising Event(s)” refers to event(s) which campaigns list on Contribute in order to raise contributions. “Site Content” or “Content” refers to the material, including without limitation information, data, text, editorial content, design elements, look and feel, formatting, graphics, images, photographs, videos, music, sounds and other content contained in or delivered via Contribute or otherwise made available by the CFB in connection with Contribute. “Stripe” means Stripe, the payment processor associated with the Website. In order to use the Website, Campaigns must connect with Stripe. “Terms and Conditions" refers to the terms and conditions stated herein, or as amended by us from time to time. "Users" collectively refers to Campaigns, contributors, and third parties using Contribute. "You" and "your" refer to the Campaign user of the Website and the Campaign whose log in information they are using, whether such user is an authorized or unauthorized agent of a Campaign. "We," "our" and "us" refer to the CFB. "Your Content" is any material without limitation information, data, text, editorial content, design elements, look and feel, formatting, graphics, and other content that you contribute, provide, post or make available using Contribute. Disclaimers We disclaim, for our vendors and ourselves all warranties, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, any implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose with respect to the quality, content, accuracy, completeness, currency, freedom from interruption, freedom from computer virus, and freedom from errors or omissions. In no event shall we or any of our vendors be liable for (a) errors caused by you, including but not limited to your supplying incorrect or incomplete information, errors in Your Content, or your failure to protect your data or log in information while using the Website or (b) to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all damages, including indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages including, but not limited to, damages for lost contributions, disclosure of confidential information or loss of privacy arising out of or in any way related to your use of, or inability to use the Website. We encourage all users of the Website to be vigilant and to carefully protect their private and confidential data and log in information. By using this Website, you expressly agree that your use of the Website and any information contained herein is at your sole risk. Scheduled maintenance periods, unexpected service outages, and periods of unavailability may occur. In no event, will we or our vendors be liable to you for your inability to use the Website during such periods or outages. In addition, in no event will we or any of our vendors be liable for any act or omission of any third party, including but not limited to your Financial Institution, any contribution system, or any provider of telecommunications services, Internet access or computer equipment or software, or for any force majeure event beyond our control including, but not limited to, fire, flood or other natural disaster, war, riot, strike, act of civil or military authority, equipment failure, computer virus, or failure or interruption of electrical, telecommunications or other utility services. We are not liable for delays caused by a mail or email service or any contribution clearinghouse system. Using this system does not guarantee or improve the chances of a Campaign receiving public funds through the Campaign Finance Program. We are not responsible for any Website, vendor, third-party, contributor, or campaign errors that might make a particular contribution ineligible for public matching funds pursuant to the Campaign Finance Program. Privacy of Information These Terms include our Privacy Policy, which describes how we use your personal information. By using this Website, you acknowledge that we will receive certain Campaign information, and that you are voluntarily providing this information to us. We will not use, rent, sell, or otherwise make available to any third party any information that identifies the Campaign or contributions you receive through the Website, other than to provide Stripe the information required to process such contributions, or to comply with applicable law, rules, or regulations, including the requirements that we audit a Campaign’s contributions and post a Campaign’s contributors’ names, employers, and occupations, and the amount of their contributions on the CFB website. In addition, we also may send occasional emails with election alerts and reminders to contributors who have requested them. If you are concerned about the accuracy of any information displayed on the CFB website, you must contact the Contribute team at contribute@nyccfb.info. You represent, warrant and agree that (a) you will at all times comply with all applicable local, state, provincial, national and other laws, rules and regulations with respect to information you collect from (or receive about) contributors, and (b) you will at all times comply with any applicable posted Contribute policies with respect to information you collect from (or receive about) contributors. Campaign Finance Information for Public Disclosure The Website maintains records (including information displayed through the Website as part of the contribution record) containing personal information about contributors, or information that can be identified or associated with a particular contributor, for the purposes of providing public disclosure, as part of the CFB’s routine business as an agency of the City of New York, in furtherance of its mission and duties and/or obligations to citizens of the City of New York. Examples of this information include the name of the Campaign receiving the contribution, a contributor’s address, employer, or occupation, and the amount of the contributor’s contribution. To the extent these records contain information that is not considered confidential, such information may be disclosed to the public, posted on the CFB website, or made available on the Website as part of the contribution information. If you are concerned about the accuracy of any information displayed on the CFB website, you must contact Candidate Services at contribute@nyccfb.info. The Website does not store credit card information. Credit card transaction information may be stored by the payment processor, Stripe. Security To process contributions securely, we use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), a security protocol that provides data encryption, server authentication, and message integrity for connections to the Internet, to ensure that bank account numbers and personal data you provide by using the Website are not transmitted over the Internet unencrypted, and cannot be viewed by unauthorized individuals. Using the Website The Website is an Internet-based service that allows a Campaign to collect contributions via the Internet from contributors using their credit or debit cards. To use the Website, you must have an account with Stripe. For questions about Stripe, you may contact Stripe at https://support.stripe.com. In activating Contribute you instruct Stripe to process these contributions and to credit your Account, based on the Campaign’s agreement with Stripe and the contributor’s contribution instructions provided on the Website, subject to this Agreement. In order to use the Website, you must provide all requested information. When using the Website, the Campaign is responsible for complying with Federal and New York State Election Law, the Act, and the Rules. Compliance is the Campaign’s responsibility. In no way does the use of the Website relieve the Campaign of responsibility for any    errors, misrepresentation, or fraud related to the contributions you collect or your use of the Website. The Campaign is responsible for all Website activity using the Campaign’s log in information. The Campaign agrees not to modify reports downloaded from the Website, other than to provide additional information specifically required to complete your disclosure obligations to the CFB. Contribute is not the creator, organizer or owner of the Fundraising Events Campaigns may list on Contribute. Rather, Contribute allows Campaigns to manage registration and contributions to promote their Fundraising Events. The Campaign is solely responsible for ensuring that any page displaying a Fundraising  Event on Contribute (and the event itself) meet all applicable local, state, provincial, national and other laws, rules and regulations, and that the goods and services described on the Fundraising Event page are delivered as described and in an accurate satisfactory manner. You may not use Contribute to post content or engage in any conduct that violates any law, rule, or regulation, or is (in our sole evaluation, when brought to our attention) offensive, harmful, or inappropriate for general audiences, or that we believe constitutes or is likely to encourage or promote any harmful, violent, or illegal activity or outcome. The CFB does not permit on Contribute, when brought to our attention, content or Campaigns that promote or encourage hate, violence, or harassment towards others and/or oneself. Specifically, we prohibit content or organizations that promote hate toward or the harassment of individuals or groups based on race or ethnic origin, religion, disability, gender, age, nationality, veteran status, sexual orientation, or gender identity. This prohibition extends to the public promotion of this type of prohibited behavior. You may not distribute any written or other content through Contribute that: Impersonates any person or entity, including without limitation any governmental officials or public figure; falsely states or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with any person or entity; or expresses or implies that the CFB endorses any statement you make without express written approval to do so, Promotes or encourages hate or dangerous content (as we've also described above), Defames or libels any other person, Invades any person's privacy, or contains a person's likeness without their permission, Harasses, threatens or seeks to intimidate any person (also described above), Is fraudulent, deceptive or tortious, or Is protected by copyright, trademark or trade secret law, unless you have the express prior written consent of the owner of such right. Impersonates any person or entity, including without limitation any governmental officials or public figure; falsely states or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with any person or entity; or expresses or implies that the CFB endorses any statement you make without express written approval to do so, Promotes or encourages hate or dangerous content (as we've also described above), Defames or libels any other person, Invades any person's privacy, or contains a person's likeness without their permission, Harasses, threatens or seeks to intimidate any person (also described above), Is fraudulent, deceptive or tortious, or Is protected by copyright, trademark or trade secret law, unless you have the express prior written consent of the owner of such right. For Fundraising Events posted on Contribute, you represent and warrant to us that you and your affiliates will obtain, prior to posting on Contribute all applicable licenses, permits, and authorizations and that each Fundraising Event and the venues where they are held will comply with all applicable laws, regulations, rules, and ordinances. To maintain the security and integrity of Contribute, you may not do any of the following: Interfere with or disrupt the operation of Contribute or the servers or networks used to make Contribute available, Post, transmit through or release into Contribute a virus, worm, Trojan Horse, time bomb, spyware, rootkit, cancelbot, or other computer code, file, or program that is harmful or is intended to damage or hijack the operation of, or to monitor the use of, any hardware, software or equipment, or engage in trolling, Access, or program any technology to access Contribute through any robot or "bot," crawling or scraping technology, or other extraction technology (for any purpose), Attempt to gain unauthorized access to Contribute, other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to Contribute, through password mining or any other means, or Engage in any uses of the Website that adversely affect the Website, users of the Website, or Website or server bandwidth. Interfere with or disrupt the operation of Contribute or the servers or networks used to make Contribute available, Post, transmit through or release into Contribute a virus, worm, Trojan Horse, time bomb, spyware, rootkit, cancelbot, or other computer code, file, or program that is harmful or is intended to damage or hijack the operation of, or to monitor the use of, any hardware, software or equipment, or engage in trolling, Access, or program any technology to access Contribute through any robot or "bot," crawling or scraping technology, or other extraction technology (for any purpose), Attempt to gain unauthorized access to Contribute, other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to Contribute, through password mining or any other means, or Engage in any uses of the Website that adversely affect the Website, users of the Website, or Website or server bandwidth. Our Intellectual Property You agree that all Contribute content may be protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade secrets or other intellectual property and other proprietary rights and laws owned by the CFB or made available to the CFB through arrangements with third parties. You agree to use the Site Content only for purposes that are permitted by these Terms and any applicable local, state, provincial, national or other law, rule or regulation. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved. The trademarks, service marks and logos of CFB (the "CFB Trademarks") used and displayed in connection with Contribute are registered and unregistered trademarks or service marks of CFB. Other company, product and service names used in connection with Contribute may be trademarks or service marks owned by third parties (the "Third Party Trademarks," and, collectively with CFB Trademarks, the "Trademarks"). The offering of Contribute will not be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed in connection with Contribute without the prior written consent of CFB specific for each such use. The Trademarks may not be used to disparage the CFB, any third party or the CFB's or such third party's products or services, or in any manner that may damage any goodwill in the Trademarks. Use of any Trademarks as part of a link to or from any site is prohibited unless the CFB approves the establishment of such a link by prior written consent specific for each such link. Limits on Use Your use of the Website may be limited by your agreements with your Financial Institution and/or Stripe, your relationship with the CFB, and by applicable law. The CFB is not responsible for the Website not completing a transaction due to any such limit on your Account, or the terms of the Campaign’s agreement with Stripe, and it is not responsible if your Financial Institution fails to honor any credit to your Account. Release and Indemnification You agree to release the CFB from all damages (whether direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or otherwise), losses, liabilities, costs and expenses of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of a dispute between you and a third party (including other Users) in connection with Contribute, including any contribution related to Contribute or a Fundraising Event listed on Contribute. In addition, you waive any applicable law or statute, which says, in substance: "A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE RELEASING PARTY DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS SETTLEMENT WITH THE RELEASED PARTY." You agree to defend, indemnify and hold the CFB and each of its and their respective officers, directors, agents, co-branders, licensors, payment processing partners, other partners and employees, harmless from any and all damage (whether direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or otherwise), loss, liability, cost and expense (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' and accounting fees) resulting from any claim, demand, suit, proceeding (whether before an arbitrator, court, mediator or otherwise) or investigation made by any third party (each a "Claim") relating to or arising out of: (a) your breach of these Terms (including any terms or agreements or policies incorporated into these Terms); (b) your use of Contribute in violation of these Terms or other policies we post or make available; (c) your breach of any applicable local, state, provincial, national or other law, rule or regulation or the rights of any third party; and (d) if any, your Fundraising Events (including where Fundraising Events have been posted on Contribute and/or Contribute has been used at those Fundraising Events), provided that in the case of (d) this indemnification will not apply to the extent that the Claim arises out of the CFB's gross negligence or willful misconduct. The CFB will provide notice to you of any such Claim, provided that the failure or delay by the CFB in providing such notice will not limit your obligations hereunder except to the extent you are materially prejudiced by such failure. Also, in certain circumstances, the CFB may choose to handle the Claim ourselves, in which case you agree to cooperate with the CFB in any way we request. Termination The CFB may terminate your right to use Contribute at any time (a) if you violate or breach these Terms; (b) if you misuse or abuse Contribute, or use Contribute in a way not intended or permitted by Contribute; or (c) if allowing you to access and use Contribute would violate any applicable local, state, provincial, national and other laws, rules and regulations or would expose the CFB to legal liability. The CFB may choose to stop offering Contribute, or any particular portion of Contribute, or modify or replace any aspect of Contribute, at any time. We will use reasonable efforts to provide you with notice of our termination of your access to Contribute, where, in the CFB's sole discretion, failure to do so would materially prejudice you. You agree that the CFB will not be liable to you or any third-party as a result of its termination of your right to use or otherwise access Contribute. Legal Notices Communications to us via the Website or the Contribute email address shall in no way be deemed to constitute legal or official notice to the CFB or the City of New York, its agencies, officers, employees, representatives or agents with respect to any existing, pending or future claim or cause of action against the CFB or the City of New York or any of its agencies, officers, employees, representatives or agents where notice is required by federal, state, or local law. Communications to the CFB or the City of New York via the Website or the Contribute email address shall not be deemed to constitute legal or official notice for any other purpose. We ask all Website users to use appropriate names and language in the name spaces, address spaces and other spaces (if any) provided on the Website. Campaigns are prohibited from using false email addresses. All legal and official notices must be sent to: Joseph Gallagher Interim General Counsel New York City Campaign Finance Board 100 Church Street, 12th Floor New York, NY 10007 In Case of Errors or Questions about Contributions to Your Campaign If you dispute anything related to how contributions to your Campaign were processed, or if there has been unauthorized use of your password or of your Stripe account, you must contact Stripe immediately pursuant to the terms of your agreement with Stripe. If you dispute a report from the Website or how contributions are reported by the Website, the Campaign must write a detailed explanation of how and why the report, or the contributions reported, are inaccurate and submit it with the report to the CFB. If you become aware of any unauthorized use of your password or of your Contribute account, you also agree to notify the CFB immediately by emailing contribute@nyccfb.info. Governing Law This agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the City and State of New York (notwithstanding New York choice of law or conflict of law principles), and the laws of the United States, where applicable. Jurisdiction You agree that any and all claims asserted by or against the CFB or the City of New York arising under or related to this Agreement or your use of the Website (except for claims by the CFB concerning violations of the Act or Rules, including calculations of public funds to be paid or repaid, which shall solely be heard and determined as set forth in the Act and Rules) shall solely be heard and determined either in the courts of the United States located in the City of New York or in the courts of the State of New York located in the City and County of New York. You further agree that any cause of action arising out of this Agreement or your use of the Website shall be deemed to have arisen from a transaction of business in the State of New York. Amendments We may amend these Terms and Conditions from time to time. In such event, we will post the amended Terms and Conditions on the Website. Liability Should the Campaign choose to terminate or discontinue its use of the Website, it shall nonetheless remain responsible for recording and accounting for all contributions and refunds processed on the Website pursuant to the Act and Rules. Feedback We welcome your comments regarding the Website. Feedback can be directed to us by sending an email to contribute@nyccfb.info. Miscellaneous This Agreement constitutes the full agreement between you and the CFB related to the use of the Website. If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, all other provisions will remain in full force and effect. The CFB, and any vendors or third party contractors partnered with the CFB to provide the Website, may choose not to exercise or to delay enforcement of any of our rights under this Agreement without losing them. Copyright 2025 The New York City Campaign Finance Board Contribute FAQs Contribute FAQs Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Terms and Conditions Contact Contribute Contact Contribute Twitter Instagram Facebook YouTube About Us Contact Us NYC Campaign Finance Board About Us Contact Us NYC Campaign Finance Board Twitter Instagram Facebook YouTube

--- 3rd Level Page: https://www.instagram.com/nycvotes ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://contribute.nycvotes.org/home ---
Contribute Contribute Contribute Candidates Shaun  Abreu 2025 City Council | District 07 Janine  Acquafredda 2025 Borough President | Brooklyn Adrienne E Adams 2025 Mayor | New York City Eric L Adams 2025 Mayor | New York City David  Aiken 2025 City Council | District 21 Clarisa  Alayeto 2025 City Council | District 08 Shirley  Aldebol 2025 City Council | District 13 Dominique K Alexandre 2025 City Council | District 41 Joe  Alny 2025 Mayor | New York City Kenny  Altidor 2025 City Council | District 46 Jean h Anglade 2025 Mayor | New York City Angela  Aquino 2025 Public Advocate | New York City Darren D Aquino 2025 Mayor | New York City Joann  Ariola 2025 City Council | District 32 Eric W Armstead 2025 Mayor | New York City Claire  Armstrong 2025 Mayor | New York City Dante  Arnwine 2025 City Council | District 41 Vanessa T Aronson 2025 City Council | District 04 Abubakar  Ashiq 2025 City Council | District 25 Dion M Ashman 2025 City Council | District 35 Kyle  Athayde 2025 City Council | District 04 Daniel K Aulbach-Sidibe 2025 City Council | District 08 Alexa  Aviles 2025 City Council | District 38 Christopher  Banks 2025 City Council | District 42 Dikran  Barsamian 2025 City Council | District 47 Dr. Selma K Bartholomew 2025 Mayor | New York City Sarah L Batchu 2025 City Council | District 02 Anthony  Batista 2025 City Council | District 47 Jeffery Kazembe  Batts 2025 City Council | District 36 Chris F Bauer 2025 Public Advocate | New York City Terrell  Belfield 2025 City Council | District 42 Adam  Ben Zakar 2025 Mayor | New York City Neil D Berry 2025 City Council | District 49 Michael A Blake 2025 Mayor | New York City Sarah  Blas 2025 City Council | District 49 Faith  Bondy 2025 City Council | District 04 Alina  Bonsell 2025 City Council | District 05 Erik  Bottcher 2025 City Council | District 03 Justin  Brannan 2025 Comptroller | New York City Gale  Brewer 2025 City Council | District 06 Selvena  Brooks-Powers 2025 City Council | District 31 Elijah M Brown 2025 City Council | District 41 Telee  Brown 2025 City Council | District 49 John K Buthorn 2025 City Council | District 51 Tiffany  Caban 2025 City Council | District 22 Fernando L Cabrera 2025 City Council | District 14 Yvette  Cambry 2025 City Council | District 40 David M Carr 2025 City Council | District 50 Jozette  Carter-Williams 2025 City Council | District 49 Alexander J Caruso 2025 City Council | District 19 Jerry  Chan 2025 City Council | District 43 Wayne A Chang 2025 Borough President | Brooklyn Theo B Chino-Tavarez 2025 Public Advocate | New York City Benjamin  Chou 2025 City Council | District 19 Joseph J Chou 2025 City Council | District 20 Bernard  Chow 2025 City Council | District 23 Youn  Chung 2025 City Council | District 19 Athena  Clarke 2025 City Council | District 46 Justin  Cleary 2025 City Council | District 02 Jess K Coleman 2025 City Council | District 01 Michael  Colombo 2025 Borough President | Staten Island Federico  Colon 2025 City Council | District 08 Joel  Colucci 2025 City Council | District 01 Michael  Creneti 2025 City Council | District 03 Bianca  Cunningham 2025 City Council | District 41 Andrew M Cuomo 2025 Mayor | New York City Vera V Daniels 2025 City Council | District 27 Carmen  De La Rosa 2025 City Council | District 10 Von S Del Valle 2025 Borough President | Queens Abou S Diakhate 2025 City Council | District 49 David A Diaz 2025 City Council | District 13 Elijah  Diaz 2025 City Council | District 45 Rosa G Diaz 2025 City Council | District 08 Eric  Dinowitz 2025 City Council | District 11 Martin W Dolan 2025 Public Advocate | New York City Gonzalo  Duran 2025 Public Advocate | New York City Zahava  Durchin 2025 City Council | District 44 Khari  Edwards 2025 Borough President | Brooklyn Hatem  El-Gamasy 2025 City Council | District 45 Elsie R Encarnacion 2025 City Council | District 08 Harvey D Epstein 2025 City Council | District 02 Amanda  Farias 2025 City Council | District 18 Simcha  Felder 2025 City Council | District 44 Oswald  Feliz 2025 City Council | District 15 Corinne  Fisher 2025 Mayor | New York City Allen  Fishermen 2025 Mayor | New York City Lukas  Florczak 2025 City Council | District 04 Louis  Flores 2025 City Council | District 03 Joseph  Foley 2025 City Council | District 02 Griffin  Fossella 2025 City Council | District 51 Griffin  Fossella City Council | 2025 Special Election Vito J Fossella 2025 Borough President | Staten Island Ramses  Frias 2025 City Council | District 25 Moshe  Fridman 2025 City Council | District 44 Sabrina  Gates 2025 City Council | District 33 James F Gennaro 2025 City Council | District 24 Vanessa L Gibson 2025 Borough President | Bronx Dr. Brandon D Gillespie 2025 Mayor | New York City Andrea  Gordillo 2025 City Council | District 02 Bashek J Grimes 2025 Borough President | Queens Jennifer  Gutierrez 2025 City Council | District 34 Kyle N Gutierrez 2025 Mayor | New York City Clifford A Hagen 2025 City Council | District 51 Clifford A Hagen City Council | 2025 Special Election Shahana  Hanif 2025 City Council | District 39 Tyrell D Hankerson 2025 City Council | District 28 Kamillah M Hanks 2025 City Council | District 49 Shah S Haque 2025 City Council | District 25 John Maynard  Harris 2025 City Council | District 14 John R Harris 2025 Mayor | New York City Linda T Harrison 2025 City Council | District 47 Jamell  Henderson 2025 City Council | District 41 Yanna M Henriquez 2025 City Council | District 21 Cecil  Henry 2025 City Council | District 36 Danielle  Herbert-Guggenheim 2025 City Council | District 11 Clifton A Hinton 2025 City Council | District 41 Romeo  Hitlall 2025 City Council | District 28 Bryan  Hodge Vasquez 2025 City Council | District 14 Jeffrey  Horowitz 2025 City Council | District 51 Brad  Hoylman-Sigal 2025 Borough President | Manhattan Crystal  Hudson 2025 City Council | District 35 Henry  Ikezi 2025 Borough President | Queens Vincent K Jenkins 2025 City Council | District 02 Rita C Joseph 2025 City Council | District 40 Shakur T Joseph 2025 City Council | District 16 Scott E Joyner 2025 Mayor | New York City Ari  Kagan 2025 City Council | District 48 Nickie  Kane 2025 City Council | District 39 Peter  Kefalas 2025 Comptroller | New York City Tiffany  Khan 2025 City Council | District 07 Andy  King 2025 City Council | District 12 Maya  Kornberg 2025 City Council | District 39 Shekar  Krishnan 2025 City Council | District 25 Brad  Lander 2025 Mayor | New York City Jacqueline  Lara 2025 City Council | District 03 Abbey  Laurel-Smith 2025 Mayor | New York City Linda  Lee 2025 City Council | District 23 Latoya  LeGrand 2025 City Council | District 28 James J Leonard 2025 Mayor | New York City Mark  Levine 2025 Comptroller | New York City Deirdre  Levy 2025 Mayor | New York City Elizabeth  Lewinsohn 2025 City Council | District 01 Shanequa S Lewis 2025 Mayor | New York City Michael A Lopez 2025 City Council | District 30 Wilfredo  Lopez 2025 City Council | District 08 Kris  Lord 2025 Mayor | New York City Farah  Louis 2025 City Council | District 45 Lawman  Lynch 2025 City Council | District 41 Paul  Mailhot 2025 Mayor | New York City Danniel  Maio 2025 Comptroller | New York City Ismael  Malave 2025 Comptroller | New York City Virginia  Maloney 2025 City Council | District 04 Zohran K Mamdani 2025 Mayor | New York City James L Manning 2025 Mayor | New York City Kristy  Marmorato 2025 City Council | District 13 Eddie  Marrero 2025 City Council | District 13 Grace  Marrero 2025 Borough President | Bronx Christopher  Marte 2025 City Council | District 01 Jean P Martinez 2025 Mayor | New York City Christian N Matthew 2025 Public Advocate | New York City Supreet  McGrath 2025 City Council | District 29 Shanduke L McPhatter 2025 Borough President | Brooklyn Darlene  Mealy 2025 City Council | District 41 Sarah  Medina 2025 Public Advocate | New York City Julie  Menin 2025 City Council | District 05 Mac R Merchan 2025 City Council | District 25 Radhakrishna  Mohan 2025 City Council | District 50 Diamond  Monroe 2025 Public Advocate | New York City Hiram  Monserrate 2025 City Council | District 21 Erycka  Montoya 2025 City Council | District 21 Salvador  Morales 2025 Mayor | New York City Frank  Morano 2025 City Council | District 51 Frank  Morano City Council | 2025 Special Election Montell C Moseley 2025 Mayor | New York City Jason C Murillo 2025 City Council | District 02 Zellnor  Myrie 2025 Mayor | New York City Ronen  Nahom 2025 Mayor | New York City Mercedes  Narcisse 2025 City Council | District 46 Sandro S Navarro 2025 City Council | District 21 Nimay E Ndolo 2025 City Council | District 34 Fatimazohra  Nouinou 2025 Mayor | New York City Sandy  Nurse 2025 City Council | District 37 Mathieu O Odula 2025 Mayor | New York City Edafe  Okporo 2025 City Council | District 07 Andrew J Okuneff 2025 City Council | District 34 Antirson R Ortiz 2025 City Council | District 17 Chi  Osse 2025 City Council | District 36 Ricardo J Pacheco 2025 City Council | District 25 Vickie  Paladino 2025 City Council | District 19 Kevin S Parker 2025 Comptroller | New York City Mustafa  Pelinkovic 2025 Mayor | New York City Christopher  Penafort 2025 City Council | District 26 John  Perez 2025 City Council | District 13 Freddy  Perez Jr. 2025 City Council | District 17 Austin  Pieters 2025 City Council | District 27 Anzhela  Pinkhasov 2025 City Council | District 48 Paul J Pogozelski 2025 City Council | District 30 Keith  Powers 2025 Borough President | Manhattan Paperboy L Prince 2025 Mayor | New York City Helen J Qiu 2025 City Council | District 01 Luis E Quero 2025 City Council | District 38 Jenniffer  Quezada 2025 City Council | District 07 Jenifer  Rajkumar 2025 Public Advocate | New York City Jessica  Ramos 2025 Mayor | New York City Theona S Reets-DuPont 2025 City Council | District 13 David  Rem 2025 Mayor | New York City Lincoln  Restler 2025 City Council | District 33 Nicholas  Reyes 2025 City Council | District 08 Antonio  Reynoso 2025 Borough President | Brooklyn Donovan  Richards 2025 Borough President | Queens Kevin C Riley 2025 City Council | District 12 Jonathan D Rinaldi 2025 City Council | District 29 Aidan  Rivera 2025 City Council | District 49 Joel R Rivera 2025 City Council | District 13 Hector  Robertson 2025 City Council | District 35 Dominick  Romeo 2025 City Council | District 03 Erwin  Roque 2025 Borough President | Queens Diane  Rose 2025 City Council | District 21 Javon T Ross 2025 Mayor | New York City Allie L Ryan 2025 City Council | District 02 Luke P Saghir 2025 City Council | District 39 Yusef  Salaam 2025 City Council | District 09 Rafael  Salamanca 2025 Borough President | Bronx Elizabeth  Sanchez 2025 City Council | District 09 Justin E Sanchez 2025 City Council | District 17 Pierina A Sanchez 2025 City Council | District 14 Elvis  Santana 2025 City Council | District 17 Raymond  Santana 2025 City Council | District 08 Kayla  Santosuosso 2025 City Council | District 47 Stylo A Sapaskis 2025 City Council | District 11 George  Sarantopoulos 2025 City Council | District 47 Gail  Schargel 2025 City Council | District 02 Lynn  Schulman 2025 City Council | District 29 Tina R Seals 2025 City Council | District 01 Christina  Serrano 2025 City Council | District 41 Jonas  Shaende 2025 Mayor | New York City John E Shea 2025 City Council | District 49 Stephen G Sifontes 2025 Mayor | New York City Japneet  Singh 2025 City Council | District 28 Curtis A Sliwa 2025 Mayor | New York City Dermot  Smyth 2025 City Council | District 30 Ebon Y Solo 2025 Mayor | New York City Gordon  Springs 2025 City Council | District 07 Karen  Stachel 2025 Mayor | New York City Ean  Steinberger 2025 Mayor | New York City Althea V Stevens 2025 City Council | District 16 Skiboky S Stora 2025 Mayor | New York City Rachel  Storch 2025 City Council | District 04 Scott M Stringer 2025 Mayor | New York City Calvin D Sun 2025 Borough President | Manhattan Shanel  Thomas-Henry 2025 City Council | District 21 Collin L Thompson 2025 City Council | District 05 Jammel A Thompson 2025 City Council | District 41 Whitney R Tilson 2025 Mayor | New York City Harold  Tischler 2025 City Council | District 44 Jacqueline J Torres 2025 City Council | District 13 Liliana M Trafficante 2025 City Council | District 13 Sandra  Ung 2025 City Council | District 20 Jasmine  Uribe 2025 City Council | District 17 Fedir  Usmanov 2025 City Council | District 47 Alicia B Vaichunas 2025 City Council | District 30 Inna  Vernikov 2025 City Council | District 48 James  Walden 2025 Mayor | New York City Allen H Wang 2025 City Council | District 20 Steven  Wang 2025 City Council | District 20 Tabitha  Ward 2025 Mayor | New York City Sharon  Wedderburn 2025 City Council | District 35 Anthony  Weiner 2025 City Council | District 02 Benjamin D Wetzler 2025 City Council | District 04 Dimple  Willabus 2025 City Council | District 46 Jomo M Williams 2025 City Council | District 07 Jumaane D Williams 2025 Public Advocate | New York City Nantasha  Williams 2025 City Council | District 27 Natalie  Williams 2025 Mayor | New York City Sherena L Williams 2025 Public Advocate | New York City Ruben W Wills 2025 City Council | District 28 Evette  Wilson 2025 City Council | District 14 Julie  Won 2025 City Council | District 26 Phil  Wong 2025 City Council | District 30 Ling  Ye 2025 City Council | District 38 Eric  Yu 2025 City Council | District 01 Evette  Zayas 2025 City Council | District 08 Susan  Zhuang 2025 City Council | District 43 Namra  Zulfiqar 2025 City Council | District 48 Contribute FAQs Contribute FAQs Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Terms and Conditions Contact Contribute Contact Contribute Twitter Instagram Facebook YouTube About Us Contact Us NYC Campaign Finance Board About Us Contact Us NYC Campaign Finance Board Twitter Instagram Facebook YouTube

--- 3rd Level Page: https://support.stripe.com/ ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://www.nyccfb.info ---
Jump to navigation      Main menu Follow the Money Follow the Money | NYC Campaign Finance Summary CFB Campaign Finance Dashboard Independent Expenditures Portal Campaign Finance Reports Candidate List Daily Pre-Election Disclosure Summary Doing Business Summary Late/Missing Disclosures Registered Political Committees Statements of Need Analysis Data Library Independent Expenditure Impact Charts Maps Post-Election/Enforcement Final Audit Reports/Final Board Determinations (FARs/FBDs) Outstanding Penalties & Repayments Registered TIEs TIE Determinations Independent Spender Determinations Follow the Money | NYC Campaign Finance Summary CFB Campaign Finance Dashboard Independent Expenditures Portal Campaign Finance Reports Candidate List Daily Pre-Election Disclosure Summary Doing Business Summary Late/Missing Disclosures Registered Political Committees Statements of Need Candidate List Daily Pre-Election Disclosure Summary Doing Business Summary Late/Missing Disclosures Registered Political Committees Statements of Need Analysis Data Library Independent Expenditure Impact Charts Maps Data Library Independent Expenditure Impact Charts Maps Post-Election/Enforcement Final Audit Reports/Final Board Determinations (FARs/FBDs) Outstanding Penalties & Repayments Registered TIEs TIE Determinations Independent Spender Determinations Final Audit Reports/Final Board Determinations (FARs/FBDs) Outstanding Penalties & Repayments Registered TIEs TIE Determinations Independent Spender Determinations Matching Funds Program How It Works What's New Benefits Impact of Public Funds Campaign Finance Resources How to Enroll How It Works What's New Benefits Impact of Public Funds Campaign Finance Resources How to Enroll Candidate Services What's New Start Your Campaign Getting Started Choosing a Bank Matching Funds Program Limits & Thresholds Disclosure Deadlines Campaign Resources Campaign Finance Handbook Forms and Templates Guidance Special Elections How to File a Complaint Doing Business FAQ Consultant and Vendor Guide Post Election Audit Process Bank Balance and Fundraising Post-Election Information Transition and Inauguration Entities (TIEs) Trainings C-SMART Help Contribute What's New Start Your Campaign Getting Started Choosing a Bank Matching Funds Program Getting Started Choosing a Bank Matching Funds Program Limits & Thresholds Disclosure Deadlines Campaign Resources Campaign Finance Handbook Forms and Templates Guidance Special Elections How to File a Complaint Doing Business FAQ Consultant and Vendor Guide Campaign Finance Handbook Forms and Templates Guidance Special Elections How to File a Complaint Doing Business FAQ Consultant and Vendor Guide Post Election Audit Process Bank Balance and Fundraising Post-Election Information Transition and Inauguration Entities (TIEs) Audit Process Bank Balance and Fundraising Post-Election Information Transition and Inauguration Entities (TIEs) Trainings C-SMART Help Contribute Independent Expenditures About Independent Expenditures (IEs) Independent Spender Resources Independent Spender Guide IE Filing Deadlines IE Trainings How to File a Complaint Political Consultants Guide IEDS Help Independent Spender Determinations IE Portal About Independent Expenditures (IEs) Independent Spender Resources Independent Spender Guide IE Filing Deadlines IE Trainings How to File a Complaint Political Consultants Guide Independent Spender Guide IE Filing Deadlines IE Trainings How to File a Complaint Political Consultants Guide IEDS Help Independent Spender Determinations IE Portal Law & Rules Campaign Finance Act NYC Charter CFB Rules Rulemakings Ethical Guidelines Advisory Opinions (AOs) Requests Final Board Determinations (FBDs) Penalty Guidelines How to File a Complaint Freedom of Information Law (FOIL) Campaign Finance Act NYC Charter CFB Rules Rulemakings Rulemakings Ethical Guidelines Advisory Opinions (AOs) Requests Requests Final Board Determinations (FBDs) Penalty Guidelines How to File a Complaint Freedom of Information Law (FOIL) NYC Votes Search form X Register to Vote! We’ve partnered with TurboVote to make registering to vote easy! It takes just 5 minutes. Get Registered We’ve partnered with TurboVote to make registering to vote easy! It takes just 5 minutes. Run For Office Candidates can register now for the 2023 and 2025 elections! Get started Candidates can register now for the 2023 and 2025 elections! Join NYC Votes NYC Votes is recruiting nonprofits, businesses, and community organizations to participate in its nonpartisan, two-year effort to help these voting populations make their voices heard in city elections. Sign up! NYC Votes is recruiting nonprofits, businesses, and community organizations to participate in its nonpartisan, two-year effort to help these voting populations make their voices heard in city elections. Voting in NYC for the Formerly Incarcerated Are you currently on probation or parole? You have the right to vote! Read our guide for the formerly incarcerated to learn more about your rights, how to get registered, and vote. Read the Guide Are you currently on probation or parole? You have the right to vote! Read our guide for the formerly incarcerated to learn more about your rights, how to get registered, and vote. Voter Services Be an engaged, informed voter! Register to vote, see who’s running, learn how and where to cast your ballot, and help us get more New Yorkers involved. Candidate Services Interested in running for office? Learn how to get your campaign started, join the matching funds program, and find the tools you’ll need to succeed. Follow the Money Track every dollar raised and spent in NYC elections. Browse the CFB’s searchable database, summaries, campaign filings, audit reports, and more. Matching Funds Program Learn how NYC’s Campaign Finance Program empowers candidates who rely on small-dollar contributors instead of big money from special interests. Independent Expenditures Find out more about the rules for disclosure of independent expenditures in NYC elections—some of the strongest requirements in the nation. Law & Rules Review the city Campaign Finance Act, relevant Charter excerpts, CFB Rules, advisory opinions, penalty guidelines, and Board determinations. About the NYCCFB Learn about the New York City Campaign Finance Board, its history, its members, and current staff. News & Media Watch videos of CFB meetings and events; read press releases, CFB’s Full Disclosure blog, CFB reports, and more. News & Media NYC Campaign Finance Board Meeting Agenda for October 17th, 2024 April 22, 2025 NYC Campaign Finance Board Meeting Agenda for April 15th April 22, 2025 NYCCFB Votes on Enforcement Matters at Public Meeting April 21, 2025 Events & Dates Twitter Timeline Follow Follow Follow the Money Follow the Money | NYC Campaign Finance Summary CFB Campaign Finance Dashboard Independent Expenditures Portal Campaign Finance Reports Analysis Post-Election/Enforcement Follow the Money Follow the Money | NYC Campaign Finance Summary CFB Campaign Finance Dashboard Independent Expenditures Portal Campaign Finance Reports Analysis Post-Election/Enforcement Matching Funds Program How It Works What's New Benefits Impact of Public Funds Campaign Finance Resources How to Enroll Matching Funds Program How It Works What's New Benefits Impact of Public Funds Campaign Finance Resources How to Enroll Candidate Services What's New Start Your Campaign Limits & Thresholds Disclosure Deadlines Campaign Resources Post Election Trainings C-SMART Help Contribute Candidate Services What's New Start Your Campaign Limits & Thresholds Disclosure Deadlines Campaign Resources Post Election Trainings C-SMART Help Contribute Independent Expenditures About Independent Expenditures (IEs) Independent Spender Resources IEDS Help Independent Spender Determinations IE Portal Independent Expenditures About Independent Expenditures (IEs) Independent Spender Resources IEDS Help Independent Spender Determinations IE Portal Law and Rules Campaign Finance Act NYC Charter CFB Rules Ethical Guidelines Advisory Opinions (AOs) Final Board Determinations (FBDs) Penalty Guidelines How to File a Complaint Freedom of Information Law (FOIL) Law and Rules Campaign Finance Act NYC Charter CFB Rules Ethical Guidelines Advisory Opinions (AOs) Final Board Determinations (FBDs) Penalty Guidelines How to File a Complaint Freedom of Information Law (FOIL) NYC Votes NYC Votes About the CFB News & Media NYCVotes.org Contact Us Career Opportunities Vendor Opportunities CFB Accessibility Privacy Policy © 2025 New York City Campaign Finance Board 100 Church Street, 12th Floor, New York, NY 10007 212.409.1800

--- 3rd Level Page: https://contribute.nycvotes.org#main-content ---
Contribute Contribute Contribute Candidates Shaun  Abreu 2025 City Council | District 07 Janine  Acquafredda 2025 Borough President | Brooklyn Adrienne E Adams 2025 Mayor | New York City Eric L Adams 2025 Mayor | New York City David  Aiken 2025 City Council | District 21 Clarisa  Alayeto 2025 City Council | District 08 Shirley  Aldebol 2025 City Council | District 13 Dominique K Alexandre 2025 City Council | District 41 Joe  Alny 2025 Mayor | New York City Kenny  Altidor 2025 City Council | District 46 Jean h Anglade 2025 Mayor | New York City Angela  Aquino 2025 Public Advocate | New York City Darren D Aquino 2025 Mayor | New York City Joann  Ariola 2025 City Council | District 32 Eric W Armstead 2025 Mayor | New York City Claire  Armstrong 2025 Mayor | New York City Dante  Arnwine 2025 City Council | District 41 Vanessa T Aronson 2025 City Council | District 04 Abubakar  Ashiq 2025 City Council | District 25 Dion M Ashman 2025 City Council | District 35 Kyle  Athayde 2025 City Council | District 04 Daniel K Aulbach-Sidibe 2025 City Council | District 08 Alexa  Aviles 2025 City Council | District 38 Christopher  Banks 2025 City Council | District 42 Dikran  Barsamian 2025 City Council | District 47 Dr. Selma K Bartholomew 2025 Mayor | New York City Sarah L Batchu 2025 City Council | District 02 Anthony  Batista 2025 City Council | District 47 Jeffery Kazembe  Batts 2025 City Council | District 36 Chris F Bauer 2025 Public Advocate | New York City Terrell  Belfield 2025 City Council | District 42 Adam  Ben Zakar 2025 Mayor | New York City Neil D Berry 2025 City Council | District 49 Michael A Blake 2025 Mayor | New York City Sarah  Blas 2025 City Council | District 49 Faith  Bondy 2025 City Council | District 04 Alina  Bonsell 2025 City Council | District 05 Erik  Bottcher 2025 City Council | District 03 Justin  Brannan 2025 Comptroller | New York City Gale  Brewer 2025 City Council | District 06 Selvena  Brooks-Powers 2025 City Council | District 31 Elijah M Brown 2025 City Council | District 41 Telee  Brown 2025 City Council | District 49 John K Buthorn 2025 City Council | District 51 Tiffany  Caban 2025 City Council | District 22 Fernando L Cabrera 2025 City Council | District 14 Yvette  Cambry 2025 City Council | District 40 David M Carr 2025 City Council | District 50 Jozette  Carter-Williams 2025 City Council | District 49 Alexander J Caruso 2025 City Council | District 19 Jerry  Chan 2025 City Council | District 43 Wayne A Chang 2025 Borough President | Brooklyn Theo B Chino-Tavarez 2025 Public Advocate | New York City Benjamin  Chou 2025 City Council | District 19 Joseph J Chou 2025 City Council | District 20 Bernard  Chow 2025 City Council | District 23 Youn  Chung 2025 City Council | District 19 Athena  Clarke 2025 City Council | District 46 Justin  Cleary 2025 City Council | District 02 Jess K Coleman 2025 City Council | District 01 Michael  Colombo 2025 Borough President | Staten Island Federico  Colon 2025 City Council | District 08 Joel  Colucci 2025 City Council | District 01 Michael  Creneti 2025 City Council | District 03 Bianca  Cunningham 2025 City Council | District 41 Andrew M Cuomo 2025 Mayor | New York City Vera V Daniels 2025 City Council | District 27 Carmen  De La Rosa 2025 City Council | District 10 Von S Del Valle 2025 Borough President | Queens Abou S Diakhate 2025 City Council | District 49 David A Diaz 2025 City Council | District 13 Elijah  Diaz 2025 City Council | District 45 Rosa G Diaz 2025 City Council | District 08 Eric  Dinowitz 2025 City Council | District 11 Martin W Dolan 2025 Public Advocate | New York City Gonzalo  Duran 2025 Public Advocate | New York City Zahava  Durchin 2025 City Council | District 44 Khari  Edwards 2025 Borough President | Brooklyn Hatem  El-Gamasy 2025 City Council | District 45 Elsie R Encarnacion 2025 City Council | District 08 Harvey D Epstein 2025 City Council | District 02 Amanda  Farias 2025 City Council | District 18 Simcha  Felder 2025 City Council | District 44 Oswald  Feliz 2025 City Council | District 15 Corinne  Fisher 2025 Mayor | New York City Allen  Fishermen 2025 Mayor | New York City Lukas  Florczak 2025 City Council | District 04 Louis  Flores 2025 City Council | District 03 Joseph  Foley 2025 City Council | District 02 Griffin  Fossella 2025 City Council | District 51 Griffin  Fossella City Council | 2025 Special Election Vito J Fossella 2025 Borough President | Staten Island Ramses  Frias 2025 City Council | District 25 Moshe  Fridman 2025 City Council | District 44 Sabrina  Gates 2025 City Council | District 33 James F Gennaro 2025 City Council | District 24 Vanessa L Gibson 2025 Borough President | Bronx Dr. Brandon D Gillespie 2025 Mayor | New York City Andrea  Gordillo 2025 City Council | District 02 Bashek J Grimes 2025 Borough President | Queens Jennifer  Gutierrez 2025 City Council | District 34 Kyle N Gutierrez 2025 Mayor | New York City Clifford A Hagen 2025 City Council | District 51 Clifford A Hagen City Council | 2025 Special Election Shahana  Hanif 2025 City Council | District 39 Tyrell D Hankerson 2025 City Council | District 28 Kamillah M Hanks 2025 City Council | District 49 Shah S Haque 2025 City Council | District 25 John Maynard  Harris 2025 City Council | District 14 John R Harris 2025 Mayor | New York City Linda T Harrison 2025 City Council | District 47 Jamell  Henderson 2025 City Council | District 41 Yanna M Henriquez 2025 City Council | District 21 Cecil  Henry 2025 City Council | District 36 Danielle  Herbert-Guggenheim 2025 City Council | District 11 Clifton A Hinton 2025 City Council | District 41 Romeo  Hitlall 2025 City Council | District 28 Bryan  Hodge Vasquez 2025 City Council | District 14 Jeffrey  Horowitz 2025 City Council | District 51 Brad  Hoylman-Sigal 2025 Borough President | Manhattan Crystal  Hudson 2025 City Council | District 35 Henry  Ikezi 2025 Borough President | Queens Vincent K Jenkins 2025 City Council | District 02 Rita C Joseph 2025 City Council | District 40 Shakur T Joseph 2025 City Council | District 16 Scott E Joyner 2025 Mayor | New York City Ari  Kagan 2025 City Council | District 48 Nickie  Kane 2025 City Council | District 39 Peter  Kefalas 2025 Comptroller | New York City Tiffany  Khan 2025 City Council | District 07 Andy  King 2025 City Council | District 12 Maya  Kornberg 2025 City Council | District 39 Shekar  Krishnan 2025 City Council | District 25 Brad  Lander 2025 Mayor | New York City Jacqueline  Lara 2025 City Council | District 03 Abbey  Laurel-Smith 2025 Mayor | New York City Linda  Lee 2025 City Council | District 23 Latoya  LeGrand 2025 City Council | District 28 James J Leonard 2025 Mayor | New York City Mark  Levine 2025 Comptroller | New York City Deirdre  Levy 2025 Mayor | New York City Elizabeth  Lewinsohn 2025 City Council | District 01 Shanequa S Lewis 2025 Mayor | New York City Michael A Lopez 2025 City Council | District 30 Wilfredo  Lopez 2025 City Council | District 08 Kris  Lord 2025 Mayor | New York City Farah  Louis 2025 City Council | District 45 Lawman  Lynch 2025 City Council | District 41 Paul  Mailhot 2025 Mayor | New York City Danniel  Maio 2025 Comptroller | New York City Ismael  Malave 2025 Comptroller | New York City Virginia  Maloney 2025 City Council | District 04 Zohran K Mamdani 2025 Mayor | New York City James L Manning 2025 Mayor | New York City Kristy  Marmorato 2025 City Council | District 13 Eddie  Marrero 2025 City Council | District 13 Grace  Marrero 2025 Borough President | Bronx Christopher  Marte 2025 City Council | District 01 Jean P Martinez 2025 Mayor | New York City Christian N Matthew 2025 Public Advocate | New York City Supreet  McGrath 2025 City Council | District 29 Shanduke L McPhatter 2025 Borough President | Brooklyn Darlene  Mealy 2025 City Council | District 41 Sarah  Medina 2025 Public Advocate | New York City Julie  Menin 2025 City Council | District 05 Mac R Merchan 2025 City Council | District 25 Radhakrishna  Mohan 2025 City Council | District 50 Diamond  Monroe 2025 Public Advocate | New York City Hiram  Monserrate 2025 City Council | District 21 Erycka  Montoya 2025 City Council | District 21 Salvador  Morales 2025 Mayor | New York City Frank  Morano 2025 City Council | District 51 Frank  Morano City Council | 2025 Special Election Montell C Moseley 2025 Mayor | New York City Jason C Murillo 2025 City Council | District 02 Zellnor  Myrie 2025 Mayor | New York City Ronen  Nahom 2025 Mayor | New York City Mercedes  Narcisse 2025 City Council | District 46 Sandro S Navarro 2025 City Council | District 21 Nimay E Ndolo 2025 City Council | District 34 Fatimazohra  Nouinou 2025 Mayor | New York City Sandy  Nurse 2025 City Council | District 37 Mathieu O Odula 2025 Mayor | New York City Edafe  Okporo 2025 City Council | District 07 Andrew J Okuneff 2025 City Council | District 34 Antirson R Ortiz 2025 City Council | District 17 Chi  Osse 2025 City Council | District 36 Ricardo J Pacheco 2025 City Council | District 25 Vickie  Paladino 2025 City Council | District 19 Kevin S Parker 2025 Comptroller | New York City Mustafa  Pelinkovic 2025 Mayor | New York City Christopher  Penafort 2025 City Council | District 26 John  Perez 2025 City Council | District 13 Freddy  Perez Jr. 2025 City Council | District 17 Austin  Pieters 2025 City Council | District 27 Anzhela  Pinkhasov 2025 City Council | District 48 Paul J Pogozelski 2025 City Council | District 30 Keith  Powers 2025 Borough President | Manhattan Paperboy L Prince 2025 Mayor | New York City Helen J Qiu 2025 City Council | District 01 Luis E Quero 2025 City Council | District 38 Jenniffer  Quezada 2025 City Council | District 07 Jenifer  Rajkumar 2025 Public Advocate | New York City Jessica  Ramos 2025 Mayor | New York City Theona S Reets-DuPont 2025 City Council | District 13 David  Rem 2025 Mayor | New York City Lincoln  Restler 2025 City Council | District 33 Nicholas  Reyes 2025 City Council | District 08 Antonio  Reynoso 2025 Borough President | Brooklyn Donovan  Richards 2025 Borough President | Queens Kevin C Riley 2025 City Council | District 12 Jonathan D Rinaldi 2025 City Council | District 29 Aidan  Rivera 2025 City Council | District 49 Joel R Rivera 2025 City Council | District 13 Hector  Robertson 2025 City Council | District 35 Dominick  Romeo 2025 City Council | District 03 Erwin  Roque 2025 Borough President | Queens Diane  Rose 2025 City Council | District 21 Javon T Ross 2025 Mayor | New York City Allie L Ryan 2025 City Council | District 02 Luke P Saghir 2025 City Council | District 39 Yusef  Salaam 2025 City Council | District 09 Rafael  Salamanca 2025 Borough President | Bronx Elizabeth  Sanchez 2025 City Council | District 09 Justin E Sanchez 2025 City Council | District 17 Pierina A Sanchez 2025 City Council | District 14 Elvis  Santana 2025 City Council | District 17 Raymond  Santana 2025 City Council | District 08 Kayla  Santosuosso 2025 City Council | District 47 Stylo A Sapaskis 2025 City Council | District 11 George  Sarantopoulos 2025 City Council | District 47 Gail  Schargel 2025 City Council | District 02 Lynn  Schulman 2025 City Council | District 29 Tina R Seals 2025 City Council | District 01 Christina  Serrano 2025 City Council | District 41 Jonas  Shaende 2025 Mayor | New York City John E Shea 2025 City Council | District 49 Stephen G Sifontes 2025 Mayor | New York City Japneet  Singh 2025 City Council | District 28 Curtis A Sliwa 2025 Mayor | New York City Dermot  Smyth 2025 City Council | District 30 Ebon Y Solo 2025 Mayor | New York City Gordon  Springs 2025 City Council | District 07 Karen  Stachel 2025 Mayor | New York City Ean  Steinberger 2025 Mayor | New York City Althea V Stevens 2025 City Council | District 16 Skiboky S Stora 2025 Mayor | New York City Rachel  Storch 2025 City Council | District 04 Scott M Stringer 2025 Mayor | New York City Calvin D Sun 2025 Borough President | Manhattan Shanel  Thomas-Henry 2025 City Council | District 21 Collin L Thompson 2025 City Council | District 05 Jammel A Thompson 2025 City Council | District 41 Whitney R Tilson 2025 Mayor | New York City Harold  Tischler 2025 City Council | District 44 Jacqueline J Torres 2025 City Council | District 13 Liliana M Trafficante 2025 City Council | District 13 Sandra  Ung 2025 City Council | District 20 Jasmine  Uribe 2025 City Council | District 17 Fedir  Usmanov 2025 City Council | District 47 Alicia B Vaichunas 2025 City Council | District 30 Inna  Vernikov 2025 City Council | District 48 James  Walden 2025 Mayor | New York City Allen H Wang 2025 City Council | District 20 Steven  Wang 2025 City Council | District 20 Tabitha  Ward 2025 Mayor | New York City Sharon  Wedderburn 2025 City Council | District 35 Anthony  Weiner 2025 City Council | District 02 Benjamin D Wetzler 2025 City Council | District 04 Dimple  Willabus 2025 City Council | District 46 Jomo M Williams 2025 City Council | District 07 Jumaane D Williams 2025 Public Advocate | New York City Nantasha  Williams 2025 City Council | District 27 Natalie  Williams 2025 Mayor | New York City Sherena L Williams 2025 Public Advocate | New York City Ruben W Wills 2025 City Council | District 28 Evette  Wilson 2025 City Council | District 14 Julie  Won 2025 City Council | District 26 Phil  Wong 2025 City Council | District 30 Ling  Ye 2025 City Council | District 38 Eric  Yu 2025 City Council | District 01 Evette  Zayas 2025 City Council | District 08 Susan  Zhuang 2025 City Council | District 43 Namra  Zulfiqar 2025 City Council | District 48 Contribute FAQs Contribute FAQs Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Terms and Conditions Contact Contribute Contact Contribute Twitter Instagram Facebook YouTube About Us Contact Us NYC Campaign Finance Board About Us Contact Us NYC Campaign Finance Board Twitter Instagram Facebook YouTube

--- 3rd Level Page: https://contribute.nycvotes.org/login ---
Contribute Contribute Contribute Log In to Your Account New to Contribute? Contribute FAQs Contribute FAQs Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Terms and Conditions Contact Contribute Contact Contribute Twitter Instagram Facebook YouTube About Us Contact Us NYC Campaign Finance Board About Us Contact Us NYC Campaign Finance Board Twitter Instagram Facebook YouTube

--- 3rd Level Page: https://www.twitter.com/NYCVotes ---
This browser is no longer supported. Please switch to a supported browser to continue using x.com. You can see a list of supported browsers in our Help Center. Help Center Terms of Service Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Imprint Ads info © 2025 X Corp.

--- 3rd Level Page: https://www.nycvotes.org/about-us ---
English  English عربى বাংলা 简化字 正體字 Français Kreyòl हिंदी 한국어 Polski ਪੰਜਾਬੀ Русский Español اردو Why Vote Elected Offices Types of Elections  Elected Offices Types of Elections How to Vote Accessibility Early Voting Election Day Elections Calendar Frequently Asked Questions Ranked Choice Voting Register to Vote Vote by Mail Voting Rights Ways to Vote  Accessibility Early Voting Election Day Elections Calendar Frequently Asked Questions Ranked Choice Voting Register to Vote Vote by Mail Voting Rights Ways to Vote What's on the Ballot 2025 NYC Candidate Debates 2025 City Council District 51 Special Election  2025 NYC Candidate Debates 2025 City Council District 51 Special Election Get Involved Contribute Events Calendar Matching Funds Program Partners Reports and Resources Stay Informed Volunteer Youth Programs  Contribute Events Calendar Matching Funds Program Partners Reports and Resources Stay Informed Volunteer Youth Programs News and Press  Stay Connected By entering my mobile number and checking this box I agree to opt in to receive important information from NYC Votes regarding NYC elections.Message frequency varies. Text HELP to 75492 or contact SMS@nyccfb.info, text STOP to 75492 to end. Message & data rates may apply. By opting in, I authorize the City of New York Campaign Finance Board to deliver SMS messages using an automatic telephone dialing system. I understand that I am not required to opt in as a condition of purchasing any property, goods, or services. By leaving this box unchecked, you will not be opted in for SMS messages at this time. Click to read the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy . * Please enter a valid email address Maximum number limit is 10 * Enter a valid First Name * Enter a valid Last Name Subscribe Thank you for subscribing to NYC Votes! NYC Votes! Who We Are In this Section: Contact Us NYC Votes is an initiative of the New York City Campaign Finance Board, the independent city agency that ensures local elections are fair, inclusive, and open. We boost participation among voters and candidates alike so that our elected officials address the needs of our diverse communities and the issues voters care about. We do this by empowering New Yorkers who are less likely to vote, reducing barriers to running for office, and offering solutions to improve our election system. NYC Votes partners with community organizations, volunteers, and other city agencies to register, educate, and engage voters across the city. We aim to build a greater understanding of the electoral process for all New Yorkers by having an honest dialogue about how our elections work and why they matter . Established in 1988, the agency also equips New Yorkers with information about the candidates on their ballot and how their campaigns are funded. Our matching funds program matches every $1 from a local donor with up to $8 of city funding, encouraging city candidates to focus on their communities instead of special interests. Learn more about the Campaign Finance Board NYC Votes is an initiative of the New York City Campaign Finance Board, the independent city agency that ensures local elections are fair, inclusive, and open. We boost participation among voters and candidates alike so that our elected officials address the needs of our diverse communities and the issues voters care about. We do this by empowering New Yorkers who are less likely to vote, reducing barriers to running for office, and offering solutions to improve our election system. NYC Votes partners with community organizations, volunteers, and other city agencies to register, educate, and engage voters across the city. We aim to build a greater understanding of the electoral process for all New Yorkers by having an honest dialogue about how our elections work and why they matter . Established in 1988, the agency also equips New Yorkers with information about the candidates on their ballot and how their campaigns are funded. Our matching funds program matches every $1 from a local donor with up to $8 of city funding, encouraging city candidates to focus on their communities instead of special interests. Learn more about the Campaign Finance Board Learn more about the Campaign Finance Board Who We Are Our Partners Learn about our partners and work across the city to mobilize and engage NYC voters! Partners Volunteer With Us Join us at our volunteer events to make a difference in your community! Get Involved Contact Us Have a question for NYC Votes? We’re here to help! Contact Us About Us Contact Us NYC Campaign Finance Board      Stay up to date on all things voting! By entering my mobile number and checking this box I agree to opt in to receive important information from NYC Votes regarding NYC elections.Message frequency varies. Text HELP to 75492 or contact SMS@nyccfb.info, text STOP to 75492 to end. Message & data rates may apply. By opting in, I authorize the City of New York Campaign Finance Board to deliver SMS messages using an automatic telephone dialing system. I understand that I am not required to opt in as a condition of purchasing any property, goods, or services. By leaving this box unchecked, you will not be opted in for SMS messages at this time. Click to read the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy . * Please enter a valid email address Maximum number limit is 10 * Please enter a valid First Name * Please enter a valid Last Name Subscribe Thank you for subscribing to emails from NYC Votes.

--- 3rd Level Page: https://www.nycvotes.org/about-us/contact-us ---
English  English عربى বাংলা 简化字 正體字 Français Kreyòl हिंदी 한국어 Polski ਪੰਜਾਬੀ Русский Español اردو Why Vote Elected Offices Types of Elections  Elected Offices Types of Elections How to Vote Accessibility Early Voting Election Day Elections Calendar Frequently Asked Questions Ranked Choice Voting Register to Vote Vote by Mail Voting Rights Ways to Vote  Accessibility Early Voting Election Day Elections Calendar Frequently Asked Questions Ranked Choice Voting Register to Vote Vote by Mail Voting Rights Ways to Vote What's on the Ballot 2025 NYC Candidate Debates 2025 City Council District 51 Special Election  2025 NYC Candidate Debates 2025 City Council District 51 Special Election Get Involved Contribute Events Calendar Matching Funds Program Partners Reports and Resources Stay Informed Volunteer Youth Programs  Contribute Events Calendar Matching Funds Program Partners Reports and Resources Stay Informed Volunteer Youth Programs News and Press  Stay Connected By entering my mobile number and checking this box I agree to opt in to receive important information from NYC Votes regarding NYC elections.Message frequency varies. Text HELP to 75492 or contact SMS@nyccfb.info, text STOP to 75492 to end. Message & data rates may apply. By opting in, I authorize the City of New York Campaign Finance Board to deliver SMS messages using an automatic telephone dialing system. I understand that I am not required to opt in as a condition of purchasing any property, goods, or services. By leaving this box unchecked, you will not be opted in for SMS messages at this time. Click to read the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy . * Please enter a valid email address Maximum number limit is 10 * Enter a valid First Name * Enter a valid Last Name Subscribe Thank you for subscribing to NYC Votes! NYC Votes! Contact Us Need to get in touch with NYC Votes? We’re here to help. Address 100 Church Street, 12th Floor New York, NY 10007 Email Voter Questions: nycvotes@nyccfb.info Media inquiries: press@nyccfb.info Phone For general inquiries call: 212-409-1800 Need to get in touch with NYC Votes? We’re here to help. Address 100 Church Street, 12th Floor New York, NY 10007 Email Voter Questions: nycvotes@nyccfb.info Media inquiries: press@nyccfb.info Phone For general inquiries call: 212-409-1800 Contact us on Social Media Follow Us Instagram Twitter Facebook Have more questions about voting? Ask away! We’re happy to answer any questions about voting in NYC. Tag us on social media or send us a direct message! See Also: About Us About Us Contact Us NYC Campaign Finance Board      Stay up to date on all things voting! By entering my mobile number and checking this box I agree to opt in to receive important information from NYC Votes regarding NYC elections.Message frequency varies. Text HELP to 75492 or contact SMS@nyccfb.info, text STOP to 75492 to end. Message & data rates may apply. By opting in, I authorize the City of New York Campaign Finance Board to deliver SMS messages using an automatic telephone dialing system. I understand that I am not required to opt in as a condition of purchasing any property, goods, or services. By leaving this box unchecked, you will not be opted in for SMS messages at this time. Click to read the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy . * Please enter a valid email address Maximum number limit is 10 * Please enter a valid First Name * Please enter a valid Last Name Subscribe Thank you for subscribing to emails from NYC Votes.

--- 3rd Level Page: https://www.youtube.com/user/nyccfb ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://www.nycvotes.org/how-to-vote/frequently-asked-questions/#for+contributors ---
English  English عربى বাংলা 简化字 正體字 Français Kreyòl हिंदी 한국어 Polski ਪੰਜਾਬੀ Русский Español اردو Why Vote Elected Offices Types of Elections  Elected Offices Types of Elections How to Vote Accessibility Early Voting Election Day Elections Calendar Frequently Asked Questions Ranked Choice Voting Register to Vote Vote by Mail Voting Rights Ways to Vote  Accessibility Early Voting Election Day Elections Calendar Frequently Asked Questions Ranked Choice Voting Register to Vote Vote by Mail Voting Rights Ways to Vote What's on the Ballot 2025 NYC Candidate Debates 2025 City Council District 51 Special Election  2025 NYC Candidate Debates 2025 City Council District 51 Special Election Get Involved Contribute Events Calendar Matching Funds Program Partners Reports and Resources Stay Informed Volunteer Youth Programs  Contribute Events Calendar Matching Funds Program Partners Reports and Resources Stay Informed Volunteer Youth Programs News and Press  Stay Connected By entering my mobile number and checking this box I agree to opt in to receive important information from NYC Votes regarding NYC elections.Message frequency varies. Text HELP to 75492 or contact SMS@nyccfb.info, text STOP to 75492 to end. Message & data rates may apply. By opting in, I authorize the City of New York Campaign Finance Board to deliver SMS messages using an automatic telephone dialing system. I understand that I am not required to opt in as a condition of purchasing any property, goods, or services. By leaving this box unchecked, you will not be opted in for SMS messages at this time. Click to read the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy . * Please enter a valid email address Maximum number limit is 10 * Enter a valid First Name * Enter a valid Last Name Subscribe Thank you for subscribing to NYC Votes! NYC Votes! How to Vote Frequently Asked Questions Frequently Asked Questions How can we help you? Jump to topic General Ranked Choice Voting Vote by Mail Early Voting Election Day Registering to Vote Voting Rights Accessibility Contribute - For Contributors Contribute - For Campaigns General Back to Top What is a Primary Election? It’s the election before the election. In primary elections, you decide which candidate will be your party’s nominee for the general election. You must be a member of a political party to vote in a primary. Learn more about types of elections What is a General Election? General elections are the championship match, where candidates from different parties compete to win elected office. Winners of primary elections represent their party in the general election. General elections sometimes include ballot proposals, where voters choose whether to adopt new laws or policies. Learn more about types of elections What is a Special Election? Special elections are held when an elected official leaves office before the end of their term. The winner serves in office until the end of that term. Learn more about types of elections Where can I find information about the candidates who will be on the ballot? Right here! To learn more about the candidates on your ballot, just click on “Meet the Candidates” in the navigation up top. You can enter in your address to find which offices will be on your ballot, and a list of candidates running for each office. You can also find profiles submitted by candidates, including videos and more. Meet the candidates Ranked Choice Voting Back to Top What is Ranked Choice Voting? In primary and special elections for local offices, you can rank up to 5 candidates in order of preference instead of choosing just one. Learn more about Ranked Choice Voting How does Ranked Choice Voting work? You can rank up to five candidates in order of preference, instead of choosing just one. If a candidate receives more than 50% of 1st-choice votes, they are the winner. If no candidate earns more than 50% of 1st-choice votes, then counting will continue in rounds. At the end of each round, the candidate with the fewest votes will be eliminated. If you ranked that candidate 1st, your vote will go to the next highest ranked candidate on your ballot. This process will continue until there are two candidates left. The candidate with the most votes wins. Learn more about Ranked Choice Voting Can I still vote for just one candidate? Yes! You can still vote for just your 1st- choice candidate. However, ranking other candidates does not harm your 1st choice. If your 1st and only choice is eliminated, your vote will have no influence on the outcome of the election. (You may hear folks call this an “exhausted ballot.”) Learn how to fill out your Ranked Choice ballot Do I have to rank a total of 5 candidates? No. You can rank up to five candidates, but you do not need to rank a total of 5. Learn how to fill out your Ranked Choice ballot Can I rank my favorite candidate more than once? No. If you rank your preferred candidate more than once (for example as your 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th, and 5th choice), then only your first ranking will count. There is no strategic benefit to giving the same candidate multiple rankings. It doesn’t help them, and it takes away your chance to have a say about who you’d choose next out of the remaining candidates (This is another way your ballot can get “exhausted”). Learn how to fill out your Ranked Choice ballot Can I rank multiple candidates as my first choice? No. You can only choose one candidate for each ranking. If you choose more than one candidate as your 1st choice, your ballot will not be valid. Learn how to fill out your Ranked Choice ballot How do I vote for a write-in candidate with Ranked Choice Voting? To vote for a candidate whose name is not on the ballot, write their name on the “Write-in” line and fill in an oval to rank your write-in choice. Learn how to fill out your Ranked Choice ballot Does ranking 5 candidates mean I have 5 votes? No. Your vote only counts for the highest active candidate on your ballot. Your vote will only count for your 2nd choice if your 1st choice is eliminated, and so on. Learn how votes are counted with Ranked Choice Voting Will the voting machine tell me if I make a mistake on my ballot? If you vote in person, the voting machine will let you know if you give multiple candidates the same ranking. If you make a mistake, you can ask a poll worker for a new ballot. However, the voting machine will not let you know if you skip rankings or rank the same candidate multiple times, since your top-choice vote will still count in those cases. Learn how to fill out your Ranked Choice ballot When can I expect results in Ranked Choice Voting elections? Final results in Ranked Choice elections will not be known until all absentee and military ballots are counted, which could take several weeks after Election Day. Learn how votes are counted with Ranked Choice Voting Where can I find official election results? The NYC Board of Elections will share unofficial election results after polls close on Election Day. However, these results will not include any absentee ballot votes. After they receive all absentee ballots, they will finish counting and release certified final results. You can find election results at the NYC Board of Elections website. Visit the Board of Elections website Vote by Mail Back to Top Can I still vote in person if I request or submit an absentee ballot? If you requested an absentee ballot, then you should plan to vote with it. You can drop off your completed absentee ballot at any voting site while polls are open. However, if you choose to vote in person after requesting an absentee ballot, you will have to vote with an affidavit ballot at your poll site. This ballot will look different. Ask a poll worker for help if you need it. Learn more about voting by mail Can I drop off my absentee ballot at my poll site? Yes! You can drop off your completed absentee ballot at any NYC poll site. Ballot boxes will be available at the front desk. You can also drop off your ballot at any Board of Elections office . You do not need postage if you are dropping off your ballot. Learn more about voting by mail Can I track my absentee ballot after I return it? Yes! The Board of Elections’ ballot tracker will let you know the status of your ballot after you submit a request. It will also let you know if they have received your completed ballot and whether it’s valid. Track your ballot Can I fix my absentee ballot if I made a mistake? The Board of Elections is required by law to notify you if there is a curable error on your ballot envelope, such as a missing or incorrect signature. If there is a fixable error on your ballot, they will contact you by mail, email, and phone (if available) within 1 day of discovering the error. You will then have a minimum of 5 days to correct the error by returning a signed affirmation. Learn more about voting by mail Can I vote absentee in person? Sounds strange, but it’s true! You can vote absentee in person at your borough’s Board of Elections office. Offices are open 9am-5pm Monday through Friday, and on the weekend prior to Election Day. This can be a helpful option if you miss the deadline to request a ballot online or by mail. On Election Day offices are open until 9pm. Find your local Board of Elections office Can I join a permanent absentee ballot list? Yes! If you are permanently ill or disabled and cannot get to your poll site, you can join the Board of Elections permanent absentee ballot list. To join, check the box marked “permanent illness or physical disability” on the absentee ballot application. The Board of Elections will automatically send you an absentee ballot application for every election you are qualified to vote in. Request absentee ballot Download absentee ballot request form What happens if the Board of Elections doesn’t receive my ballot by Election Day? The Board of Elections can receive ballots up to seven days after Election Day. However, you must postmark by June 22 for your ballot to be valid. Learn more about voting by mail Early Voting Back to Top Can I vote early before Election Day? Yes! You can vote early 10 days prior to the election day, though hours vary each day. Just like on Election Day, you can visit your early voting site any time polls are open. Find your poll site Election Day Back to Top Where do I vote on Election Day? You must vote at your assigned poll site on Election Day. Find your poll site When are polls open on Election Day? Polls are open from 6am-9pm on Election Day. Find your poll site Can I vote on Election Day if I requested or submitted an absentee ballot? Yes! If you vote in person after requesting or submitting an absentee ballot, your absentee ballot is automatically disqualified. Only your in person vote will count. You do not need to bring your absentee ballot to your poll site. Learn more about Election Day If I’m in line at my poll site when polls close, can I still vote? Yes! You have the right to vote as long as you are a registered voter in line by 9pm on Election Day. Learn more about Election Day Will I know who won on Election Day? Maybe, but don’t be surprised if we have to wait a few weeks. The Board of Elections can receive absentee ballots until seven days after Election Day, so the results of some races may not be known until all ballots have been received. Registering to Vote Back to Top Am I eligible to vote? You are eligible to register to vote if you are: a U.S. citizen a New York City resident for at least 30 days at least 16 years old (you can pre-register to vote at 16 or 17, but you must be 18 to vote) Learn more about registering to vote How do I register to vote? If you have a New York State ID, you can register online with the Department of Motor Vehicles. Register to vote online If you do not have a New York State ID, you can complete a voter registration form and mail it to the Board of Elections. You can also visit your Borough Board of Elections office to register in person. Download a voter registration form If you don’t have a New York State ID or a printer, you can digitally fill out a form with TurboVote and have them print and mail it to you, so you can sign and return to the Board of Elections. The platform also works on mobile, so you don’t even need a computer. Register to vote with TurboVote How can I check if I’m registered to vote? You can check your voter registration status, which political party you are enrolled in, and your political district information by using the NYS Voter Lookup tool. Check your registration Do I need to update my voter registration if I move? Yes! When you move, you should change your address with the Board of Elections by submitting a new voter registration form. Complete the section labeled “Voting information that has changed” by entering your old address. If you would like to become a member of a political party, or remain a member of your current political party, make sure to select your political party on your registration. Learn more about registering to vote Do I have to join a political party when I register? No. You do not have to join a political party when you register to vote. However, only members of political parties are eligible to vote in primary elections. So if you’d like to vote in primary elections for a particular party, you should join that party when you register. Learn more about primary elections Can I change my party affiliation after I register to vote? Yes! To update your party affiliation, you must submit a new voter registration form. On your form, make sure to select the political party that you would like to join. Learn more about registering to vote Can I register to vote if I have a felony conviction? If you are currently on probation or parole, you have the right to vote. You will likely need to submit a new voter registration form, even if you were previously registered. Register to vote . If you were previously registered, you can check your voter registration here . Voting Rights Back to Top What are my rights while voting? At your poll site you have the right to: Ask a poll worker for help Use an interpreter if you need language assistance Bring any voting materials with you Vote even if the voting machine is broken Vote by affidavit ballot if your name is missing from the list of voters at your polling site Not show an ID if you are not a first time voter Learn more about your voting rights Do I have a right to take time off work to vote? Yes! You have the right to take two paid hours off from work at the beginning or end of your shift if polls are open for less than 4 hours before your shift starts and after it ends. That means on Election Day, you can take paid time off if you are scheduled to start work before 10am and end work after 5pm. You must notify your employer at least two days before you plan to vote. Learn more about your voting rights Who should I call if there’s an issue at my poll site? You can call the NYC Board of Elections about any issues at your poll site. Call 1-866-Vote-NYC (866-868-3692) or TDD/TTY Call the New York State Relay 711. Who can I contact if my rights, or someone else’s, are being violated? You can contact the Election Protection hotline to speak with a trained Election Protection volunteer and get free legal support. Call 866-OUR-VOTE (866-687-8683). Can I vote if I was formerly incarcerated? If you are currently on probation or parole, you have the right to vote. You will likely need to submit a new voter registration form, even if you were previously registered. Register to vote . If you were previously registered, you can check your voter registration here . Can I vote if I’m experiencing homelessness? Yes! If you are experiencing homelessness, you can register and vote in New York City. You must include a mailing address where the BOE can send you notices on your registration form. Accessibility Back to Top What support is available if I need filling out my ballot? Ballot Marking Devices are available at all poll sites to help voters fill out their ballots during early voting and on Election Day. These devices can be helpful to voters who are blind, visually impaired, or have a disability or condition that make it difficult or impossible to mark a ballot with a pen. However, any voter can request to use a Ballot Marking Device. You can use a Ballot Marking Device to see your ballot on a display screen, listen to your choices through headphones, or translate your ballot into additional languages. If you’d like to use a Ballot Marking Device, just ask a poll worker! The device provides four ways to mark your ballot: Touch screen Sip & puff device Keypad (Braille) Rocker paddle Learn more about Ballot Marking Devices from the Board of Elections Can I bring someone to help me vote? Yes! As long as they are not your employer or union representative, you can bring someone to help you vote. You can also always ask a poll worker for help. Learn more about accessibility Can I request an accessible ballot? Yes! If you are visually impaired or have a disability that requires you to use an accessible version of the absentee ballot that can be read by a screen reader and marked digitally, you may request an accessible ballot from the NYC Board of Elections. Request an accessible ballot Are poll sites accessible? Yes! The NYC Board of Elections ensures that every poll site in the city is accessible to all voters during early voting and Election Day. If there are any issues with your poll site, you can contact the Board of Elections at 1-866-Vote-NYC (866-868-3692) or TDD/TTY Call the New York State Relay 711. Can I bring a translator to help me vote at my poll site? Yes, as long as they are not also your employer or union representative. Some poll sites have materials in Spanish, Chinese, Korean, and Bengali. The languages available at your poll site are based on local Census data. In addition, interpreters are available at some poll sites to provide assistance in these languages and others, such as Arabic, Haitian Creole, Russian, and Yiddish. You can learn which poll sites offer translators in each language at the Civic Engagement Commission’s website. Learn more about your rights as a voter Can I vote on a ballot in a language other than English? It depends on where you live. By law, New York City ballots and other voting materials are translated into Bengali, Chinese, Korean, and Spanish at certain poll sites based on local Census data. Contribute — For Contributors Back to Top Does Contribute store my financial information? Contribute will not store your financial information, but credit card transaction information may be stored by the Contribute payment processor, Stripe . Refer to the Contribute Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions for more details. Is my contribution tax deductible? No, contributions to political campaigns are not tax deductible, whether they are made online or in person. Do I need to set up an account to use Contribute? You are not required to create a Contribute account to contribute to campaigns. You can create an account if you would like to save your personal and credit card information to simplify the process of contributing to a campaign in the future. If you would like to create an account, go to contribute.nycvotes.org/signup , and select the “For Contributors” tab. Will my contribution be matched with public funds? If you are a New York City resident and you do not have business dealings with the city , your contribution may be eligible to be matched at an $8-to-$1 rate. That means that a $10 contribution from a NYC resident to a participating candidate could be worth as much as $90 to their campaign. It is the campaign’s responsibility to report your contribution correctly and claim it for matching funds. What happens to my money when I contribute to a campaign? Candidates running for local New York City office have the option of using Contribute as their online fundraising platform. When you donate on Contribute, your contribution is sent directly to the campaign’s bank account via the site’s third-party credit card processor, Stripe. Stripe charges the campaign a nominal and standard fee (2.9% + $0.30) for each contribution. What do you do with my personal information when I contribute to a campaign? In accordance with the Campaign Finance Board Rules, campaigns are required to report each contributor’s full name, residential address, occupation, employer, and business address. The following information will be publicly disclosed in the Campaign Finance Board’s Follow the Money Database : The contributor’s full name. The city, state and zip code of the contributor’s residential address. The contributor’s occupation and employer. The amount, date, and form (cash, check, credit card, etc.) of the contributor’s contribution. I made a mistake while contributing. Who should I contact? Using the campaign’s contact information listed on the Campaign Finance Board website , reach out to the campaign directly to correct your information. If you are unable to contact the campaign, email contribute@nyccfb.info . How can I request a refund? Request a refund directly from the campaign using the campaign’s contact information listed on the Campaign Finance Board website . If you are unable to contact the campaign, email contribute@nyccfb.info . Can I set up a recurring contribution? No. To reduce the risk of campaigns accepting over-the-limit contributions, Contribute does not allow for recurring contributions. Contribute — For Campaigns Back to Top Is Contribute free to use? The CFB does not charge campaigns to use Contribute. Stripe , the credit card processor Contribute uses to direct funds to your bank account, charges a nominal and standard fee (2.9% + $0.30) for each contribution. Stripe will deduct the fee from each contribution prior to funds being deposited into your committee’s bank account. I used Contribute for a previous election cycle. Do I need to create a new account for the current election cycle? If you had a Contribute account in a previous election cycle, you can simply log in using your existing email and password, then you will be prompted to connect to a Stripe account. If you ran in a previous election, you cannot reuse an old Stripe account. After logging into your Contribute account, you must create a new Stripe account by using an email address that is easily accessible by the candidate, treasurer, and anyone else monitoring your Contribute account, as time-sensitive emails may be sent by Stripe to this email address. How do I sign up for Contribute? 1.    Sign up at contribute.nycvotes.org/signup After registering with the CFB, your campaign will have access to Contribute. To create your account, go to contribute.nycvotes.org/signup. 2.    Create your password Click the For Candidates tab and enter the email address listed on your CFB registration and a unique password. Only candidates and treasurers are eligible to have a Contribute account. Best practice: Both the candidate and treasurer should create their own Contribute accounts to receive important communications from Contribute@nyccfb.info. 3.    Agree to the affirmation statement Review the affirmation statement and click I Agree . 4.    Activate your account and connect with Stripe You will receive an email, which will prompt you to activate your Contribute account. You must then connect your Contribute account with Stripe, the credit card processor Contribute uses to direct funds to your bank account. Candidates who have run in the past must create a new Stripe account for each election. After logging into your Contribute account, click the Connect with Stripe button. After clicking Connect with Stripe, you will be directed to a registration form to create a Stripe account. Your Stripe account is separate from your Contribute account and will be used to process contributions made to your campaign on Contribute to your campaign’s bank account. Some of the information you will need to enter in the registration form includes: Business Details: Enter your committee’s information in this section. You will need to complete fields such as: Type of business: Select “Nonprofit Organization” Legal business name: Enter the committee’s name (as disclosed to the IRS and CFB) Business website: If your committee does not have a website, you can use contribute.nycvotes.org for this field Business description: Select “Political Organization” How long after paying will customers typically receive their goods or services?: Select “Within One Day” Executive Details: The campaign’s Stripe account should be created by the candidate (strongly recommended), treasurer, or another campaign representative with significant managerial control. The individual who creates the account will be the Stripe account holder and will need to provide personal identifying information. (For example, home address and the last four digits of Social Security Number.) Credit Card Statement Details: In this section, you will be able to customize how contributions made to your campaign will appear on your contributors’ bank statements. Statement descriptor: This is the “business name” that will appear on your contributors’ bank statement. You should use the committee’s name to avoid disputes over unrecognized transactions. Support phone number: Enter a phone number that can be used to contact you and your campaign. Customer support address: Use the committee’s address. Bank Details: Enter your committee’s bank account number and routing number to set up transfers for contributions received. You must use the same bank account on file with the CFB. Two-Step Authentication: Choose one of Stripe’s security methods to protect your account. Save your Stripe account: Create your login credentials for your Stripe dashboard. Use these credentials to log in directly at www.stripe.com. You can choose to use the same email address linked to your Contribute account, but it is not necessary. Click the Authorize access to this account button to complete the registration form for Stripe. 5. Receive Contribute link After creating your Stripe account, you will receive an email that confirms that your Contribute account has been connected to Stripe, and that contains your unique Contribute link. This link can be used for promotional materials, campaign flyers and mailings, and social media posts. Once you have connected your Contribute account with Stripe, your campaign can begin receiving contributions. Best practice: Have the candidate or treasurer make a small test contribution (which may be matchable) and upload it to C-SMART. How long does it take for contributions to be deposited in my committee bank account? Transfers will occur daily and consist of contributions received two business days prior. Your first transfer may take up to one week to process. You will receive a monthly Stripe account statement from Contribute, which shows the contributions received for the month as well as the month’s total of Stripe processing fees deducted from your contributions. You can confirm your payout schedule and estimated payout timing in your Stripe Dashboard . How do I upload contributions to C-SMART? After receiving contributions, you must upload your credit card contribution data and documentation directly into C-SMART. You must perform the upload for contributions to appear in C-SMART; otherwise, your disclosure statement will not include contributions received via Contribute and you will lose the opportunity to claim any eligible contributions for matching funds. IMPORTANT: Do not manually enter C-SMART contributions received via Contribute. If you notice that a contribution is not uploading correctly into C-SMART, contact your Candidate Services liaison. 1.    Sign in to your campaign’s Contribute account Go to contribute.nycvotes.org/login and enter your CFB-registered email address and Contribute password. 2.    Enter your C-SMART encryption key When you log in, you will be automatically directed to the Data section of your account page. Contributions received via Fundraising Events will be included in the total number of contributions that appear under this alert. To upload data from Contribute, enter your C-SMART encryption key in the Encryption Key field and click Upload. Contribute will alert you if you have any contributions that have not been uploaded to C-SMART. You will be able to use the upload function only if there are contributions that have not yet been uploaded to C-SMART. What should I do after uploading contributions to C-SMART? 1.    Review each contribution in C-SMART Review the Contribute Upload Report in C-SMART to ensure that each contribution was uploaded. For more information on how to access and use this report, review Reports in C-SMART Help . You should also compare the total number of contributions on the C-SMART report to the total number displayed in the Contribute Activity Report , which can be accessed through your Contribute account page. In C-SMART, you can review the backup documentation for each contribution uploaded by Contribute. For more information on viewing this documentation, in Monetary Contribution Documentation in C-SMART Help . 2.    Merge duplicate name records Uploads from Contribute to C-SMART might create duplicate name records for your contributors in your C-SMART database. This will occur when a name record already exists in C-SMART for someone who donates through Contribute. To ensure accurate disclosure and prevent over-the-limit contributions, you must merge any duplicate name records after each upload. For instructions, see Merge Duplicate Names in C-SMART Help . 3.    Check for over-the-limit-contributions Review your contributions for any over-the-limit contributions. The easiest way to do this is to generate the Contributions Over the Limit report in C-SMART, which will list all contributions for a contributor whose total contributions have exceeded the contribution limit for the office sought. 4.    Claim eligible contributions for matching funds Contributions from Contribute are not automatically claimed for match. After each upload, you must enter a matching amount for eligible contributions received through Contribute. For more information on how to edit contributions to claim them for matching funds, see Monetary Contributions in C-SMART Help Use the Contribute Upload Report in C-SMART to assist you when claiming contributions from Contribute for match. The report contains each contribution’s C-SMART transaction ID and the matching amount. Additionally, the report includes an indicator that tells you whether the matching amount has been updated. How are Stripe fees uploaded to C-SMART? In addition to contributions, you can upload monthly Stripe processing fees directly to C-SMART from your Contribute account page. The fees available to upload will be based on the amount reflected on your monthly account statements, which are emailed to your campaign on the 10th day of each month, and cover activity for the preceding month. When you log into your Contribute account, you will be automatically directed to the Data section of your account page. To upload Stripe fees, enter your C-SMART encryption key in the Encryption Key field and click Upload. Note : If there were no contributions received for a given month, there will be no Stripe fees available to upload for that month. Upon your first upload of Stripe fees to C-SMART, a new name record will be created for Stripe in C-SMART to report the lump sum amount of fees deducted for the month. In C-SMART, you can search for “Stripe – NYC Votes Contribute” to review your newly-uploaded Stripe fees. The amount of fees deducted for the month will be reported as bill and bill payment transactions in C-SMART. How do I create a fundraising event page? A fundraiser is an event that is organized and sponsored by your campaign. For each fundraiser held by your campaign, you must disclose the following information to the CFB: Date of the event Location of the event List of all contributions received at the event Any persons or organization(s) other than the campaign hosting the event Itemized list of all expenditures related to the event, whether the campaign or another host paid for them You can create distinct contribution pages on Contribute for fundraisers organized by your campaign. This will allow you to accept contributions for those fundraisers and simplify the reporting of the event’s name, location, date, and contributions received. 1.    View events and create a new event From the Fundraising Events tab you can create, view, and manage upcoming and past events. 2.    Enter event details Required fields are marked with an asterisk (*); Venue Name and Start and End Time are optional fields. 3.    Share event page with supporters After successfully creating an event, you will be directed to the Share tab found in the event’s administrative page. From here, you will find links to the event page, social media tools to share through different platforms, and HTML codes that can be used to embed the event page on your campaign’s website, emails, and social media pages. The Status of the event will now be Open , meaning contributions can now be collected for this event. IMPORTANT: After an event has occurred, it should be closed to stop new contributions from being made. From the Edit tab in the event’s administrative page, select Close Event . All contributions received via the Fundraising Event feature must be reported to the CFB within the disclosure period in which the event occurred. How do I edit and review fundraising event pages? 1.    Edit event If you would like to make changes to an event, from the event’s administrative page select the Edit tab. From the Edit tab you can update event details and close, open, or delete the event. Deleting an event is only possible if no contributions have been made for that event. This action cannot be undone. You will receive an email for any modifications made to your event. If event details are modified after the event has been uploaded to C-SMART, use the details in this email to make the necessary changes to the event in C-SMART. If you accidentally close an event before it has occurred, the event can be re-opened. Contact your Candidate Services liaison if you need to re-open an event. To customize the contribution amounts for your event page, click on the Tools tab on the event’s administrative page and update the amounts under Custom Amount Tool. Make sure to click Save New Defaults when you’re finished. If you would like to show fewer than five contribution amounts, enter $0 in any of the contribution amount fields. Amounts of $0 will not appear on your fundraising event page. 2.    Manage and view events Return to the Fundraising Events tab to view your events. Events can be sorted by Event Date and Time , Event Name , Status , and Total Contributions by clicking on each header. Click Preview to view the event page that will be shared with contributors. To return to the event’s administrative page, click the hyperlinked event name or click the gear icon and select Edit . 3.    Review fundraising events and contributions From the Contributions tab on the event’s administrative page, individual contributions can be sorted by Date and Time received, Name of contributor, and Amount contributed. From this page, you can also export the list of contributions received through this event page as a CSV file. Like any other contribution received through Contribute, contributions made to events must be reported within the same disclosure period in which they are received and uploaded directly to C-SMART. Contributions made to events must also be claimed for match like any other eligible contribution. Note: As with other contributions received in Contribute, Stripe processing fees are deducted from contributions received through fundraising event pages. Where can I see a list of my contributions by date/time? From the Data tab of your account page, click Email Contribute Activity Report . You will receive an email with a spreadsheet containing your Contribute financial activity to date. How can I initiate refunds to contributors? For prohibited contributions (e.g. corporate or over-the-limit contributions), refunds can be issued via Stripe, certified or bank check, or ACH transfer. When refunding a prohibited contribution via Stripe, remember that to be considered resolved, the refund cannot be pending and must have cleared your campaign bank account . From your Stripe Dashboard: Find the contribution to be refunded in the Payments overview page. Click the ••• icon to the right of the charge and select Refund charge. Enter the amount to be refunded. The default is a full refund. For a partial refund, enter a different amount to be refunded. Select a reason for the refund. If you select Other, you must provide an explanatory note that is attached to the refund. Note: the reason entered is for your campaign and Stripe’s records only and is not shared with the CFB. Click Refund . To document the refund in C-SMART, once it has cleared your bank account: While in Stripe, under “Payments - Refunded”, search for your contributor by first name, last name. Identify the specific contribution that was refunded. Click directly on that contribution to open the refund details. Save the entire refund details screen as a PDF by clicking “CTRL+P” and then instead of printing, select “Save as PDF. In C-SMART, add the monetary contribution refund. You can enter “Stripe” as the Check Number. Upload the entire PDF of your Stripe refund details as your refund documentation in C-SMART. For instructions, see Monetary Contribution Refund Documentation in C-SMART Help. How do I embed Contribute on my campaign’s website and customize contribution amounts? In the Tools tab of your account page, you will be able to set the contribution amounts that appear on your contribution page. You will also find the HTML code to embed your contribution page on your website, in your campaign emails, and on your social media pages. To set custom contribution amounts for fundraising events, navigate to the Fundraising Events tab and change event contribution amounts on the Tools tab of each event’s administrative page. Can I use Contribute for multiple committees at the same time? Yes. As a candidate or treasurer, you can access multiple committees from one Contribute login, as long as you are using the same email address on your committees’ CFB registrations. This means that a candidate can fundraise for post-election expenses for one committee, while also fundraising for their next election after registering a new committee. Candidates and treasurers working on more than one campaign can access all committees’ Contribute accounts from a single dashboard using one set of log in credentials. If you are fundraising for multiple election cycles, note that the list of candidates on contribute.nycvotes.org only includes candidates running in active election cycles. Contribute for post-election fundraising, your name will not appear on this list but the direct link to your contribution page will be accessible from the Tools tab of your committee’s Contribute account. Note: as with any post-election fundraising or spending, you are required to report contributions received via Contribute as well as monthly Stripe fees with the corresponding periodic disclosure deadline . If you are using Contribute for multiple campaigns simultaneously, you will need to upload data from the Data tab of each campaign’s account dashboard. Can I accept contributions from supporters living outside the United States? Yes, you may accept contributions from U.S. citizens or permanent residents, even if they live outside of the United States. Only contributions from individual New York City residents are eligible to be matched with public funds. Will Contribute help me with the CFB’s public disclosure requirements? Contribute helps by collecting the contributor information the CFB requires for compliance and disclosure purposes including employment information, “doing business” status, and the contribution affirmations required by law. Ultimately it is the campaign’s responsibility to ensure the required information for each contribution is accurately reported to the CFB. How can we help you? Jump to topic General Ranked Choice Voting Vote by Mail Early Voting Election Day Registering to Vote Voting Rights Accessibility Contribute - For Contributors Contribute - For Campaigns General Back to Top What is a Primary Election?  It’s the election before the election. In primary elections, you decide which candidate will be your party’s nominee for the general election. You must be a member of a political party to vote in a primary. Learn more about types of elections What is a General Election?  General elections are the championship match, where candidates from different parties compete to win elected office. Winners of primary elections represent their party in the general election. General elections sometimes include ballot proposals, where voters choose whether to adopt new laws or policies. Learn more about types of elections What is a Special Election?  Special elections are held when an elected official leaves office before the end of their term. The winner serves in office until the end of that term. Learn more about types of elections Where can I find information about the candidates who will be on the ballot?  Right here! To learn more about the candidates on your ballot, just click on “Meet the Candidates” in the navigation up top. You can enter in your address to find which offices will be on your ballot, and a list of candidates running for each office. You can also find profiles submitted by candidates, including videos and more. Meet the candidates Ranked Choice Voting Back to Top What is Ranked Choice Voting?  In primary and special elections for local offices, you can rank up to 5 candidates in order of preference instead of choosing just one. Learn more about Ranked Choice Voting How does Ranked Choice Voting work?  You can rank up to five candidates in order of preference, instead of choosing just one. If a candidate receives more than 50% of 1st-choice votes, they are the winner. If no candidate earns more than 50% of 1st-choice votes, then counting will continue in rounds. At the end of each round, the candidate with the fewest votes will be eliminated. If you ranked that candidate 1st, your vote will go to the next highest ranked candidate on your ballot. This process will continue until there are two candidates left. The candidate with the most votes wins. Learn more about Ranked Choice Voting Can I still vote for just one candidate?  Yes! You can still vote for just your 1st- choice candidate. However, ranking other candidates does not harm your 1st choice. If your 1st and only choice is eliminated, your vote will have no influence on the outcome of the election. (You may hear folks call this an “exhausted ballot.”) Learn how to fill out your Ranked Choice ballot Do I have to rank a total of 5 candidates?  No. You can rank up to five candidates, but you do not need to rank a total of 5. Learn how to fill out your Ranked Choice ballot Can I rank my favorite candidate more than once?  No. If you rank your preferred candidate more than once (for example as your 1st, 2nd, 3rd, 4th, and 5th choice), then only your first ranking will count. There is no strategic benefit to giving the same candidate multiple rankings. It doesn’t help them, and it takes away your chance to have a say about who you’d choose next out of the remaining candidates (This is another way your ballot can get “exhausted”). Learn how to fill out your Ranked Choice ballot Can I rank multiple candidates as my first choice?  No. You can only choose one candidate for each ranking. If you choose more than one candidate as your 1st choice, your ballot will not be valid. Learn how to fill out your Ranked Choice ballot How do I vote for a write-in candidate with Ranked Choice Voting?  To vote for a candidate whose name is not on the ballot, write their name on the “Write-in” line and fill in an oval to rank your write-in choice. Learn how to fill out your Ranked Choice ballot Does ranking 5 candidates mean I have 5 votes?  No. Your vote only counts for the highest active candidate on your ballot. Your vote will only count for your 2nd choice if your 1st choice is eliminated, and so on. Learn how votes are counted with Ranked Choice Voting Will the voting machine tell me if I make a mistake on my ballot?  If you vote in person, the voting machine will let you know if you give multiple candidates the same ranking. If you make a mistake, you can ask a poll worker for a new ballot. However, the voting machine will not let you know if you skip rankings or rank the same candidate multiple times, since your top-choice vote will still count in those cases. Learn how to fill out your Ranked Choice ballot When can I expect results in Ranked Choice Voting elections?  Final results in Ranked Choice elections will not be known until all absentee and military ballots are counted, which could take several weeks after Election Day. Learn how votes are counted with Ranked Choice Voting Where can I find official election results?  The NYC Board of Elections will share unofficial election results after polls close on Election Day. However, these results will not include any absentee ballot votes. After they receive all absentee ballots, they will finish counting and release certified final results. You can find election results at the NYC Board of Elections website. Visit the Board of Elections website Vote by Mail Back to Top Can I still vote in person if I request or submit an absentee ballot?  If you requested an absentee ballot, then you should plan to vote with it. You can drop off your completed absentee ballot at any voting site while polls are open. However, if you choose to vote in person after requesting an absentee ballot, you will have to vote with an affidavit ballot at your poll site. This ballot will look different. Ask a poll worker for help if you need it. Learn more about voting by mail Can I drop off my absentee ballot at my poll site?  Yes! You can drop off your completed absentee ballot at any NYC poll site. Ballot boxes will be available at the front desk. You can also drop off your ballot at any Board of Elections office . You do not need postage if you are dropping off your ballot. Learn more about voting by mail Can I track my absentee ballot after I return it?  Yes! The Board of Elections’ ballot tracker will let you know the status of your ballot after you submit a request. It will also let you know if they have received your completed ballot and whether it’s valid. Track your ballot Can I fix my absentee ballot if I made a mistake?  The Board of Elections is required by law to notify you if there is a curable error on your ballot envelope, such as a missing or incorrect signature. If there is a fixable error on your ballot, they will contact you by mail, email, and phone (if available) within 1 day of discovering the error. You will then have a minimum of 5 days to correct the error by returning a signed affirmation. Learn more about voting by mail Can I vote absentee in person?  Sounds strange, but it’s true! You can vote absentee in person at your borough’s Board of Elections office. Offices are open 9am-5pm Monday through Friday, and on the weekend prior to Election Day. This can be a helpful option if you miss the deadline to request a ballot online or by mail. On Election Day offices are open until 9pm. Find your local Board of Elections office Can I join a permanent absentee ballot list?  Yes! If you are permanently ill or disabled and cannot get to your poll site, you can join the Board of Elections permanent absentee ballot list. To join, check the box marked “permanent illness or physical disability” on the absentee ballot application. The Board of Elections will automatically send you an absentee ballot application for every election you are qualified to vote in. Request absentee ballot Download absentee ballot request form What happens if the Board of Elections doesn’t receive my ballot by Election Day?  The Board of Elections can receive ballots up to seven days after Election Day. However, you must postmark by June 22 for your ballot to be valid. Learn more about voting by mail Early Voting Back to Top Can I vote early before Election Day?  Yes! You can vote early 10 days prior to the election day, though hours vary each day. Just like on Election Day, you can visit your early voting site any time polls are open. Find your poll site Election Day Back to Top Where do I vote on Election Day?  You must vote at your assigned poll site on Election Day. Find your poll site When are polls open on Election Day?  Polls are open from 6am-9pm on Election Day. Find your poll site Can I vote on Election Day if I requested or submitted an absentee ballot?  Yes! If you vote in person after requesting or submitting an absentee ballot, your absentee ballot is automatically disqualified. Only your in person vote will count. You do not need to bring your absentee ballot to your poll site. Learn more about Election Day If I’m in line at my poll site when polls close, can I still vote?  Yes! You have the right to vote as long as you are a registered voter in line by 9pm on Election Day. Learn more about Election Day Will I know who won on Election Day?  Maybe, but don’t be surprised if we have to wait a few weeks. The Board of Elections can receive absentee ballots until seven days after Election Day, so the results of some races may not be known until all ballots have been received. Registering to Vote Back to Top Am I eligible to vote?  You are eligible to register to vote if you are: a U.S. citizen a New York City resident for at least 30 days at least 16 years old (you can pre-register to vote at 16 or 17, but you must be 18 to vote) Learn more about registering to vote How do I register to vote?  If you have a New York State ID, you can register online with the Department of Motor Vehicles. Register to vote online If you do not have a New York State ID, you can complete a voter registration form and mail it to the Board of Elections. You can also visit your Borough Board of Elections office to register in person. Download a voter registration form If you don’t have a New York State ID or a printer, you can digitally fill out a form with TurboVote and have them print and mail it to you, so you can sign and return to the Board of Elections. The platform also works on mobile, so you don’t even need a computer. Register to vote with TurboVote How can I check if I’m registered to vote?  You can check your voter registration status, which political party you are enrolled in, and your political district information by using the NYS Voter Lookup tool. Check your registration Do I need to update my voter registration if I move?  Yes! When you move, you should change your address with the Board of Elections by submitting a new voter registration form. Complete the section labeled “Voting information that has changed” by entering your old address. If you would like to become a member of a political party, or remain a member of your current political party, make sure to select your political party on your registration. Learn more about registering to vote Do I have to join a political party when I register?  No. You do not have to join a political party when you register to vote. However, only members of political parties are eligible to vote in primary elections. So if you’d like to vote in primary elections for a particular party, you should join that party when you register. Learn more about primary elections Can I change my party affiliation after I register to vote?  Yes! To update your party affiliation, you must submit a new voter registration form. On your form, make sure to select the political party that you would like to join. Learn more about registering to vote Can I register to vote if I have a felony conviction?  If you are currently on probation or parole, you have the right to vote. You will likely need to submit a new voter registration form, even if you were previously registered. Register to vote . If you were previously registered, you can check your voter registration here . Voting Rights Back to Top What are my rights while voting?  At your poll site you have the right to: Ask a poll worker for help Use an interpreter if you need language assistance Bring any voting materials with you Vote even if the voting machine is broken Vote by affidavit ballot if your name is missing from the list of voters at your polling site Not show an ID if you are not a first time voter Learn more about your voting rights Do I have a right to take time off work to vote?  Yes! You have the right to take two paid hours off from work at the beginning or end of your shift if polls are open for less than 4 hours before your shift starts and after it ends. That means on Election Day, you can take paid time off if you are scheduled to start work before 10am and end work after 5pm. You must notify your employer at least two days before you plan to vote. Learn more about your voting rights Who should I call if there’s an issue at my poll site?  You can call the NYC Board of Elections about any issues at your poll site. Call 1-866-Vote-NYC (866-868-3692) or TDD/TTY Call the New York State Relay 711. Who can I contact if my rights, or someone else’s, are being violated?  You can contact the Election Protection hotline to speak with a trained Election Protection volunteer and get free legal support. Call 866-OUR-VOTE (866-687-8683). Can I vote if I was formerly incarcerated?  If you are currently on probation or parole, you have the right to vote. You will likely need to submit a new voter registration form, even if you were previously registered. Register to vote . If you were previously registered, you can check your voter registration here . Can I vote if I’m experiencing homelessness?  Yes! If you are experiencing homelessness, you can register and vote in New York City. You must include a mailing address where the BOE can send you notices on your registration form. Accessibility Back to Top What support is available if I need filling out my ballot?  Ballot Marking Devices are available at all poll sites to help voters fill out their ballots during early voting and on Election Day. These devices can be helpful to voters who are blind, visually impaired, or have a disability or condition that make it difficult or impossible to mark a ballot with a pen. However, any voter can request to use a Ballot Marking Device. You can use a Ballot Marking Device to see your ballot on a display screen, listen to your choices through headphones, or translate your ballot into additional languages. If you’d like to use a Ballot Marking Device, just ask a poll worker! The device provides four ways to mark your ballot: Touch screen Sip & puff device Keypad (Braille) Rocker paddle Learn more about Ballot Marking Devices from the Board of Elections Can I bring someone to help me vote?  Yes! As long as they are not your employer or union representative, you can bring someone to help you vote. You can also always ask a poll worker for help. Learn more about accessibility Can I request an accessible ballot?  Yes! If you are visually impaired or have a disability that requires you to use an accessible version of the absentee ballot that can be read by a screen reader and marked digitally, you may request an accessible ballot from the NYC Board of Elections. Request an accessible ballot Are poll sites accessible?  Yes! The NYC Board of Elections ensures that every poll site in the city is accessible to all voters during early voting and Election Day. If there are any issues with your poll site, you can contact the Board of Elections at 1-866-Vote-NYC (866-868-3692) or TDD/TTY Call the New York State Relay 711. Can I bring a translator to help me vote at my poll site?  Yes, as long as they are not also your employer or union representative. Some poll sites have materials in Spanish, Chinese, Korean, and Bengali. The languages available at your poll site are based on local Census data.  In addition, interpreters are available at some poll sites to provide assistance in these languages and others, such as Arabic, Haitian Creole, Russian, and Yiddish. You can learn which poll sites offer translators in each language at the Civic Engagement Commission’s website. Learn more about your rights as a voter Can I vote on a ballot in a language other than English?  It depends on where you live. By law, New York City ballots and other voting materials are translated into Bengali, Chinese, Korean, and Spanish at certain poll sites based on local Census data. Contribute — For Contributors Back to Top Does Contribute store my financial information?  Contribute will not store your financial information, but credit card transaction information may be stored by the Contribute payment processor, Stripe . Refer to the Contribute Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions for more details. Is my contribution tax deductible?  No, contributions to political campaigns are not tax deductible, whether they are made online or in person. Do I need to set up an account to use Contribute?  You are not required to create a Contribute account to contribute to campaigns. You can create an account if you would like to save your personal and credit card information to simplify the process of contributing to a campaign in the future. If you would like to create an account, go to contribute.nycvotes.org/signup , and select the “For Contributors” tab. Will my contribution be matched with public funds?  If you are a New York City resident and you do not have business dealings with the city , your contribution may be eligible to be matched at an $8-to-$1 rate. That means that a $10 contribution from a NYC resident to a participating candidate could be worth as much as $90 to their campaign. It is the campaign’s responsibility to report your contribution correctly and claim it for matching funds. What happens to my money when I contribute to a campaign?  Candidates running for local New York City office have the option of using Contribute as their online fundraising platform. When you donate on Contribute, your contribution is sent directly to the campaign’s bank account via the site’s third-party credit card processor, Stripe. Stripe charges the campaign a nominal and standard fee (2.9% + $0.30) for each contribution. What do you do with my personal information when I contribute to a campaign?  In accordance with the Campaign Finance Board Rules, campaigns are required to report each contributor’s full name, residential address, occupation, employer, and business address. The following information will be publicly disclosed in the Campaign Finance Board’s Follow the Money Database : The contributor’s full name. The city, state and zip code of the contributor’s residential address. The contributor’s occupation and employer. The amount, date, and form (cash, check, credit card, etc.) of the contributor’s contribution. I made a mistake while contributing. Who should I contact?  Using the campaign’s contact information listed on the Campaign Finance Board website , reach out to the campaign directly to correct your information. If you are unable to contact the campaign, email contribute@nyccfb.info . How can I request a refund?  Request a refund directly from the campaign using the campaign’s contact information listed on the Campaign Finance Board website . If you are unable to contact the campaign, email contribute@nyccfb.info . Can I set up a recurring contribution?  No. To reduce the risk of campaigns accepting over-the-limit contributions, Contribute does not allow for recurring contributions. Contribute — For Campaigns Back to Top Is Contribute free to use?  The CFB does not charge campaigns to use Contribute. Stripe , the credit card processor Contribute uses to direct funds to your bank account, charges a nominal and standard fee (2.9% + $0.30) for each contribution. Stripe will deduct the fee from each contribution prior to funds being deposited into your committee’s bank account. I used Contribute for a previous election cycle. Do I need to create a new account for the current election cycle?  If you had a Contribute account in a previous election cycle, you can simply log in using your existing email and password, then you will be prompted to connect to a Stripe account. If you ran in a previous election, you cannot reuse an old Stripe account. After logging into your Contribute account, you must create a new Stripe account by using an email address that is easily accessible by the candidate, treasurer, and anyone else monitoring your Contribute account, as time-sensitive emails may be sent by Stripe to this email address. How do I sign up for Contribute?  1.    Sign up at contribute.nycvotes.org/signup After registering with the CFB, your campaign will have access to Contribute. To create your account, go to contribute.nycvotes.org/signup. 2.    Create your password Click the For Candidates tab and enter the email address listed on your CFB registration and a unique password. Only candidates and treasurers are eligible to have a Contribute account. Best practice: Both the candidate and treasurer should create their own Contribute accounts to receive important communications from Contribute@nyccfb.info. 3.    Agree to the affirmation statement Review the affirmation statement and click I Agree . 4.    Activate your account and connect with Stripe You will receive an email, which will prompt you to activate your Contribute account. You must then connect your Contribute account with Stripe, the credit card processor Contribute uses to direct funds to your bank account. Candidates who have run in the past must create a new Stripe account for each election. After logging into your Contribute account, click the Connect with Stripe button. After clicking Connect with Stripe, you will be directed to a registration form to create a Stripe account. Your Stripe account is separate from your Contribute account and will be used to process contributions made to your campaign on Contribute to your campaign’s bank account. Some of the information you will need to enter in the registration form includes: Business Details: Enter your committee’s information in this section. You will need to complete fields such as: Type of business: Select “Nonprofit Organization” Legal business name: Enter the committee’s name (as disclosed to the IRS and CFB) Business website: If your committee does not have a website, you can use contribute.nycvotes.org for this field Business description: Select “Political Organization” How long after paying will customers typically receive their goods or services?: Select “Within One Day” Type of business: Select “Nonprofit Organization” Legal business name: Enter the committee’s name (as disclosed to the IRS and CFB) Business website: If your committee does not have a website, you can use contribute.nycvotes.org for this field Business description: Select “Political Organization” How long after paying will customers typically receive their goods or services?: Select “Within One Day” Executive Details: The campaign’s Stripe account should be created by the candidate (strongly recommended), treasurer, or another campaign representative with significant managerial control. The individual who creates the account will be the Stripe account holder and will need to provide personal identifying information. (For example, home address and the last four digits of Social Security Number.) Credit Card Statement Details: In this section, you will be able to customize how contributions made to your campaign will appear on your contributors’ bank statements. Statement descriptor: This is the “business name” that will appear on your contributors’ bank statement. You should use the committee’s name to avoid disputes over unrecognized transactions. Support phone number: Enter a phone number that can be used to contact you and your campaign. Customer support address: Use the committee’s address. Statement descriptor: This is the “business name” that will appear on your contributors’ bank statement. You should use the committee’s name to avoid disputes over unrecognized transactions. Support phone number: Enter a phone number that can be used to contact you and your campaign. Customer support address: Use the committee’s address. Bank Details: Enter your committee’s bank account number and routing number to set up transfers for contributions received. You must use the same bank account on file with the CFB. Two-Step Authentication: Choose one of Stripe’s security methods to protect your account. Save your Stripe account: Create your login credentials for your Stripe dashboard. Use these credentials to log in directly at www.stripe.com. You can choose to use the same email address linked to your Contribute account, but it is not necessary. Click the Authorize access to this account button to complete the registration form for Stripe. 5. Receive Contribute link After creating your Stripe account, you will receive an email that confirms that your Contribute account has been connected to Stripe, and that contains your unique Contribute link. This link can be used for promotional materials, campaign flyers and mailings, and social media posts. Once you have connected your Contribute account with Stripe, your campaign can begin receiving contributions. Best practice: Have the candidate or treasurer make a small test contribution (which may be matchable) and upload it to C-SMART. How long does it take for contributions to be deposited in my committee bank account?  Transfers will occur daily and consist of contributions received two business days prior. Your first transfer may take up to one week to process. You will receive a monthly Stripe account statement from Contribute, which shows the contributions received for the month as well as the month’s total of Stripe processing fees deducted from your contributions. You can confirm your payout schedule and estimated payout timing in your Stripe Dashboard . How do I upload contributions to C-SMART?  After receiving contributions, you must upload your credit card contribution data and documentation directly into C-SMART. You must perform the upload for contributions to appear in C-SMART; otherwise, your disclosure statement will not include contributions received via Contribute and you will lose the opportunity to claim any eligible contributions for matching funds. IMPORTANT: Do not manually enter C-SMART contributions received via Contribute. If you notice that a contribution is not uploading correctly into C-SMART, contact your Candidate Services liaison. 1.    Sign in to your campaign’s Contribute account Go to contribute.nycvotes.org/login and enter your CFB-registered email address and Contribute password. 2.    Enter your C-SMART encryption key When you log in, you will be automatically directed to the Data section of your account page. Contributions received via Fundraising Events will be included in the total number of contributions that appear under this alert. To upload data from Contribute, enter your C-SMART encryption key in the Encryption Key field and click Upload. Contribute will alert you if you have any contributions that have not been uploaded to C-SMART. You will be able to use the upload function only if there are contributions that have not yet been uploaded to C-SMART. What should I do after uploading contributions to C-SMART?  1.    Review each contribution in C-SMART Review the Contribute Upload Report in C-SMART to ensure that each contribution was uploaded. For more information on how to access and use this report, review Reports in C-SMART Help . You should also compare the total number of contributions on the C-SMART report to the total number displayed in the Contribute Activity Report , which can be accessed through your Contribute account page. In C-SMART, you can review the backup documentation for each contribution uploaded by Contribute. For more information on viewing this documentation, in Monetary Contribution Documentation in C-SMART Help . 2.    Merge duplicate name records Uploads from Contribute to C-SMART might create duplicate name records for your contributors in your C-SMART database. This will occur when a name record already exists in C-SMART for someone who donates through Contribute. To ensure accurate disclosure and prevent over-the-limit contributions, you must merge any duplicate name records after each upload. For instructions, see Merge Duplicate Names in C-SMART Help . 3.    Check for over-the-limit-contributions Review your contributions for any over-the-limit contributions. The easiest way to do this is to generate the Contributions Over the Limit report in C-SMART, which will list all contributions for a contributor whose total contributions have exceeded the contribution limit for the office sought. 4.    Claim eligible contributions for matching funds Contributions from Contribute are not automatically claimed for match. After each upload, you must enter a matching amount for eligible contributions received through Contribute. For more information on how to edit contributions to claim them for matching funds, see Monetary Contributions in C-SMART Help Use the Contribute Upload Report in C-SMART to assist you when claiming contributions from Contribute for match. The report contains each contribution’s C-SMART transaction ID and the matching amount. Additionally, the report includes an indicator that tells you whether the matching amount has been updated. How are Stripe fees uploaded to C-SMART?  In addition to contributions, you can upload monthly Stripe processing fees directly to C-SMART from your Contribute account page. The fees available to upload will be based on the amount reflected on your monthly account statements, which are emailed to your campaign on the 10th day of each month, and cover activity for the preceding month. When you log into your Contribute account, you will be automatically directed to the Data section of your account page. To upload Stripe fees, enter your C-SMART encryption key in the Encryption Key field and click Upload. Note : If there were no contributions received for a given month, there will be no Stripe fees available to upload for that month. Upon your first upload of Stripe fees to C-SMART, a new name record will be created for Stripe in C-SMART to report the lump sum amount of fees deducted for the month. In C-SMART, you can search for “Stripe – NYC Votes Contribute” to review your newly-uploaded Stripe fees. The amount of fees deducted for the month will be reported as bill and bill payment transactions in C-SMART. How do I create a fundraising event page?  A fundraiser is an event that is organized and sponsored by your campaign. For each fundraiser held by your campaign, you must disclose the following information to the CFB: Date of the event Location of the event List of all contributions received at the event Any persons or organization(s) other than the campaign hosting the event Itemized list of all expenditures related to the event, whether the campaign or another host paid for them You can create distinct contribution pages on Contribute for fundraisers organized by your campaign. This will allow you to accept contributions for those fundraisers and simplify the reporting of the event’s name, location, date, and contributions received. 1.    View events and create a new event From the Fundraising Events tab you can create, view, and manage upcoming and past events. 2.    Enter event details Required fields are marked with an asterisk (*); Venue Name and Start and End Time are optional fields. 3.    Share event page with supporters After successfully creating an event, you will be directed to the Share tab found in the event’s administrative page. From here, you will find links to the event page, social media tools to share through different platforms, and HTML codes that can be used to embed the event page on your campaign’s website, emails, and social media pages. The Status of the event will now be Open , meaning contributions can now be collected for this event. IMPORTANT: After an event has occurred, it should be closed to stop new contributions from being made. From the Edit tab in the event’s administrative page, select Close Event . All contributions received via the Fundraising Event feature must be reported to the CFB within the disclosure period in which the event occurred. How do I edit and review fundraising event pages?  1.    Edit event If you would like to make changes to an event, from the event’s administrative page select the Edit tab. From the Edit tab you can update event details and close, open, or delete the event. Deleting an event is only possible if no contributions have been made for that event. This action cannot be undone. You will receive an email for any modifications made to your event. If event details are modified after the event has been uploaded to C-SMART, use the details in this email to make the necessary changes to the event in C-SMART. If you accidentally close an event before it has occurred, the event can be re-opened. Contact your Candidate Services liaison if you need to re-open an event. To customize the contribution amounts for your event page, click on the Tools tab on the event’s administrative page and update the amounts under Custom Amount Tool. Make sure to click Save New Defaults when you’re finished. If you would like to show fewer than five contribution amounts, enter $0 in any of the contribution amount fields. Amounts of $0 will not appear on your fundraising event page. 2.    Manage and view events Return to the Fundraising Events tab to view your events. Events can be sorted by Event Date and Time , Event Name , Status , and Total Contributions by clicking on each header. Click Preview to view the event page that will be shared with contributors. To return to the event’s administrative page, click the hyperlinked event name or click the gear icon and select Edit . 3.    Review fundraising events and contributions From the Contributions tab on the event’s administrative page, individual contributions can be sorted by Date and Time received, Name of contributor, and Amount contributed. From this page, you can also export the list of contributions received through this event page as a CSV file. Like any other contribution received through Contribute, contributions made to events must be reported within the same disclosure period in which they are received and uploaded directly to C-SMART. Contributions made to events must also be claimed for match like any other eligible contribution. Note: As with other contributions received in Contribute, Stripe processing fees are deducted from contributions received through fundraising event pages. Where can I see a list of my contributions by date/time?  From the Data tab of your account page, click Email Contribute Activity Report . You will receive an email with a spreadsheet containing your Contribute financial activity to date. How can I initiate refunds to contributors?  For prohibited contributions (e.g. corporate or over-the-limit contributions), refunds can be issued via Stripe, certified or bank check, or ACH transfer. When refunding a prohibited contribution via Stripe, remember that to be considered resolved, the refund cannot be pending and must have cleared your campaign bank account . From your Stripe Dashboard: Find the contribution to be refunded in the Payments overview page. Click the ••• icon to the right of the charge and select Refund charge. Enter the amount to be refunded. The default is a full refund. For a partial refund, enter a different amount to be refunded. Select a reason for the refund. If you select Other, you must provide an explanatory note that is attached to the refund. Note: the reason entered is for your campaign and Stripe’s records only and is not shared with the CFB. Click Refund . To document the refund in C-SMART, once it has cleared your bank account: While in Stripe, under “Payments - Refunded”, search for your contributor by first name, last name. Identify the specific contribution that was refunded. Click directly on that contribution to open the refund details. Save the entire refund details screen as a PDF by clicking “CTRL+P” and then instead of printing, select “Save as PDF. In C-SMART, add the monetary contribution refund. You can enter “Stripe” as the Check Number. Upload the entire PDF of your Stripe refund details as your refund documentation in C-SMART. For instructions, see Monetary Contribution Refund Documentation in C-SMART Help. How do I embed Contribute on my campaign’s website and customize contribution amounts?  In the Tools tab of your account page, you will be able to set the contribution amounts that appear on your contribution page. You will also find the HTML code to embed your contribution page on your website, in your campaign emails, and on your social media pages. To set custom contribution amounts for fundraising events, navigate to the Fundraising Events tab and change event contribution amounts on the Tools tab of each event’s administrative page. Can I use Contribute for multiple committees at the same time?  Yes. As a candidate or treasurer, you can access multiple committees from one Contribute login, as long as you are using the same email address on your committees’ CFB registrations. This means that a candidate can fundraise for post-election expenses for one committee, while also fundraising for their next election after registering a new committee. Candidates and treasurers working on more than one campaign can access all committees’ Contribute accounts from a single dashboard using one set of log in credentials. If you are fundraising for multiple election cycles, note that the list of candidates on contribute.nycvotes.org only includes candidates running in active election cycles. Contribute for post-election fundraising, your name will not appear on this list but the direct link to your contribution page will be accessible from the Tools tab of your committee’s Contribute account. Note: as with any post-election fundraising or spending, you are required to report contributions received via Contribute as well as monthly Stripe fees with the corresponding periodic disclosure deadline . If you are using Contribute for multiple campaigns simultaneously, you will need to upload data from the Data tab of each campaign’s account dashboard. Can I accept contributions from supporters living outside the United States?  Yes, you may accept contributions from U.S. citizens or permanent residents, even if they live outside of the United States. Only contributions from individual New York City residents are eligible to be matched with public funds. Will Contribute help me with the CFB’s public disclosure requirements?  Contribute helps by collecting the contributor information the CFB requires for compliance and disclosure purposes including employment information, “doing business” status, and the contribution affirmations required by law. Ultimately it is the campaign’s responsibility to ensure the required information for each contribution is accurately reported to the CFB. Still have questions? Contact us on social media! Tag us in a post or send us a message. Instagram Twitter Facebook Key Dates Early Voting | City Council District 51 Special Election Mon, April 21, 2025 - Sun, April 27, 2025 Early Voting | City Council District 51 Special Election Mon, April 21, 2025 - Sun, April 27, 2025 Special Election Day | City Council District 51 Tue, April 29, 2025 Special Election Day | City Council District 51 Tue, April 29, 2025 Early Voting | State Senate District 22 Special Election Sat, May 10, 2025 - Sun, May 18, 2025 Early Voting | State Senate District 22 Special Election Sat, May 10, 2025 - Sun, May 18, 2025 Special Election Day | State Senate District 22 Tue, May 20, 2025 Special Election Day | State Senate District 22 Tue, May 20, 2025 About Us Contact Us NYC Campaign Finance Board      Stay up to date on all things voting! By entering my mobile number and checking this box I agree to opt in to receive important information from NYC Votes regarding NYC elections.Message frequency varies. Text HELP to 75492 or contact SMS@nyccfb.info, text STOP to 75492 to end. Message & data rates may apply. By opting in, I authorize the City of New York Campaign Finance Board to deliver SMS messages using an automatic telephone dialing system. I understand that I am not required to opt in as a condition of purchasing any property, goods, or services. By leaving this box unchecked, you will not be opted in for SMS messages at this time. Click to read the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy . * Please enter a valid email address Maximum number limit is 10 * Please enter a valid First Name * Please enter a valid Last Name Subscribe Thank you for subscribing to emails from NYC Votes.

--- 3rd Level Page: https://www.facebook.com/nycvotes ---
Log Into Facebook or English (US) Español Français (France) 中文(简体) العربية Português (Brasil) Italiano 한국어 Deutsch हिन्दी 日本語  Sign Up Log In Messenger Facebook Lite Video Meta Pay Meta Store Meta Quest Ray-Ban Meta Meta AI Instagram Threads Voting Information Center Privacy Policy Consumer Health Privacy Privacy Center About Create ad Create Page Developers Careers Cookies Ad choices Terms Help Contact Uploading & Non-Users Settings Activity log Meta © 2025

--- 3rd Level Page: https://www.nycvotes.org ---
English  English عربى বাংলা 简化字 正體字 Français Kreyòl हिंदी 한국어 Polski ਪੰਜਾਬੀ Русский Español اردو Why Vote Elected Offices Types of Elections  Elected Offices Types of Elections How to Vote Accessibility Early Voting Election Day Elections Calendar Frequently Asked Questions Ranked Choice Voting Register to Vote Vote by Mail Voting Rights Ways to Vote  Accessibility Early Voting Election Day Elections Calendar Frequently Asked Questions Ranked Choice Voting Register to Vote Vote by Mail Voting Rights Ways to Vote What's on the Ballot 2025 NYC Candidate Debates 2025 City Council District 51 Special Election  2025 NYC Candidate Debates 2025 City Council District 51 Special Election Get Involved Contribute Events Calendar Matching Funds Program Partners Reports and Resources Stay Informed Volunteer Youth Programs  Contribute Events Calendar Matching Funds Program Partners Reports and Resources Stay Informed Volunteer Youth Programs News and Press  Stay Connected By entering my mobile number and checking this box I agree to opt in to receive important information from NYC Votes regarding NYC elections.Message frequency varies. Text HELP to 75492 or contact SMS@nyccfb.info, text STOP to 75492 to end. Message & data rates may apply. By opting in, I authorize the City of New York Campaign Finance Board to deliver SMS messages using an automatic telephone dialing system. I understand that I am not required to opt in as a condition of purchasing any property, goods, or services. By leaving this box unchecked, you will not be opted in for SMS messages at this time. Click to read the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy . * Please enter a valid email address Maximum number limit is 10 * Enter a valid First Name * Enter a valid Last Name Subscribe Thank you for subscribing to NYC Votes! NYC Votes! Special Election in Council District 51 on April 29, 2025 Learn More! Key Dates Early Voting | City Council District 51 Special Election Mon, April 21, 2025 - Sun, April 27, 2025 Early Voting | City Council District 51 Special Election Mon, April 21, 2025 - Sun, April 27, 2025 Special Election Day | City Council District 51 Tue, April 29, 2025 Special Election Day | City Council District 51 Tue, April 29, 2025 Early Voting | State Senate District 22 Special Election Sat, May 10, 2025 - Sun, May 18, 2025 Early Voting | State Senate District 22 Special Election Sat, May 10, 2025 - Sun, May 18, 2025 Special Election Day | State Senate District 22 Tue, May 20, 2025 Special Election Day | State Senate District 22 Tue, May 20, 2025 It's Ranked Choice Voting Time! Did you know NYC uses Ranked Choice Voting for Special and Primary Elections? Learn More Find My Poll Site Visit the Board of Elections’ website and enter your address to find your poll site. Find My Poll Site Register to Vote NYC Votes has partnered with TurboVote to make registering to vote easy! It takes just 5 minutes. Get Registered Meet the Candidates Learn about the candidates on your ballot, their top issues, and more! How to vote Everything you need to know about when and where to vote, and how to cast your ballot. Why Vote What’s at stake in a local election? The future of our city. Learn more about why your vote matters. Frequently Asked Questions Where do I vote? At your assigned poll site on Election Day, your assigned early voting site, or at home with an absentee ballot. Learn how to vote. Will this election use Ranked Choice Voting? Yes! NYC uses Ranked Choice Voting in primary and special elections for city offices. This June is a primary election for city offices. Learn more about Ranked Choice Voting. About NYC Votes NYC Votes is an initiative of the New York City Campaign Finance Board, the independent city agency that ensures local elections are fair, inclusive, and open. We boost participation among voters and candidates alike to ensure our elected officials reflect the diversity of our city and the needs of our communities. Learn more about our work Learn more about our work The Latest News and Press View All News and Press Head of Campaign Finance Board Shares Updates on Public Funds and Mayoral Race NYCCFB Executive Director Paul S. Ryan shares updates on the mayoral race and the Matching Funds Program. Read More How the Matching Funds Program in NYC Helps Create a More Representative Democracy New York City’s Matching Funds Program has opened up new opportunities in local politics for more New Yorkers. Read More View All News and Press Volunteer Help your fellow New Yorkers make their voices heard! Join Us About Us Contact Us NYC Campaign Finance Board      Stay up to date on all things voting! By entering my mobile number and checking this box I agree to opt in to receive important information from NYC Votes regarding NYC elections.Message frequency varies. Text HELP to 75492 or contact SMS@nyccfb.info, text STOP to 75492 to end. Message & data rates may apply. By opting in, I authorize the City of New York Campaign Finance Board to deliver SMS messages using an automatic telephone dialing system. I understand that I am not required to opt in as a condition of purchasing any property, goods, or services. By leaving this box unchecked, you will not be opted in for SMS messages at this time. Click to read the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy . * Please enter a valid email address Maximum number limit is 10 * Please enter a valid First Name * Please enter a valid Last Name Subscribe Thank you for subscribing to emails from NYC Votes.

--- 3rd Level Page: https://CONTRIBUTE.NYCVOTES.ORG ---
Contribute Contribute Contribute Candidates Shaun  Abreu 2025 City Council | District 07 Janine  Acquafredda 2025 Borough President | Brooklyn Adrienne E Adams 2025 Mayor | New York City Eric L Adams 2025 Mayor | New York City David  Aiken 2025 City Council | District 21 Clarisa  Alayeto 2025 City Council | District 08 Shirley  Aldebol 2025 City Council | District 13 Dominique K Alexandre 2025 City Council | District 41 Joe  Alny 2025 Mayor | New York City Kenny  Altidor 2025 City Council | District 46 Jean h Anglade 2025 Mayor | New York City Angela  Aquino 2025 Public Advocate | New York City Darren D Aquino 2025 Mayor | New York City Joann  Ariola 2025 City Council | District 32 Eric W Armstead 2025 Mayor | New York City Claire  Armstrong 2025 Mayor | New York City Dante  Arnwine 2025 City Council | District 41 Vanessa T Aronson 2025 City Council | District 04 Abubakar  Ashiq 2025 City Council | District 25 Dion M Ashman 2025 City Council | District 35 Kyle  Athayde 2025 City Council | District 04 Daniel K Aulbach-Sidibe 2025 City Council | District 08 Alexa  Aviles 2025 City Council | District 38 Christopher  Banks 2025 City Council | District 42 Dikran  Barsamian 2025 City Council | District 47 Dr. Selma K Bartholomew 2025 Mayor | New York City Sarah L Batchu 2025 City Council | District 02 Anthony  Batista 2025 City Council | District 47 Jeffery Kazembe  Batts 2025 City Council | District 36 Chris F Bauer 2025 Public Advocate | New York City Terrell  Belfield 2025 City Council | District 42 Adam  Ben Zakar 2025 Mayor | New York City Neil D Berry 2025 City Council | District 49 Michael A Blake 2025 Mayor | New York City Sarah  Blas 2025 City Council | District 49 Faith  Bondy 2025 City Council | District 04 Alina  Bonsell 2025 City Council | District 05 Erik  Bottcher 2025 City Council | District 03 Justin  Brannan 2025 Comptroller | New York City Gale  Brewer 2025 City Council | District 06 Selvena  Brooks-Powers 2025 City Council | District 31 Elijah M Brown 2025 City Council | District 41 Telee  Brown 2025 City Council | District 49 John K Buthorn 2025 City Council | District 51 Tiffany  Caban 2025 City Council | District 22 Fernando L Cabrera 2025 City Council | District 14 Yvette  Cambry 2025 City Council | District 40 David M Carr 2025 City Council | District 50 Jozette  Carter-Williams 2025 City Council | District 49 Alexander J Caruso 2025 City Council | District 19 Jerry  Chan 2025 City Council | District 43 Wayne A Chang 2025 Borough President | Brooklyn Theo B Chino-Tavarez 2025 Public Advocate | New York City Benjamin  Chou 2025 City Council | District 19 Joseph J Chou 2025 City Council | District 20 Bernard  Chow 2025 City Council | District 23 Youn  Chung 2025 City Council | District 19 Athena  Clarke 2025 City Council | District 46 Justin  Cleary 2025 City Council | District 02 Jess K Coleman 2025 City Council | District 01 Michael  Colombo 2025 Borough President | Staten Island Federico  Colon 2025 City Council | District 08 Joel  Colucci 2025 City Council | District 01 Michael  Creneti 2025 City Council | District 03 Bianca  Cunningham 2025 City Council | District 41 Andrew M Cuomo 2025 Mayor | New York City Vera V Daniels 2025 City Council | District 27 Carmen  De La Rosa 2025 City Council | District 10 Von S Del Valle 2025 Borough President | Queens Abou S Diakhate 2025 City Council | District 49 David A Diaz 2025 City Council | District 13 Elijah  Diaz 2025 City Council | District 45 Rosa G Diaz 2025 City Council | District 08 Eric  Dinowitz 2025 City Council | District 11 Martin W Dolan 2025 Public Advocate | New York City Gonzalo  Duran 2025 Public Advocate | New York City Zahava  Durchin 2025 City Council | District 44 Khari  Edwards 2025 Borough President | Brooklyn Hatem  El-Gamasy 2025 City Council | District 45 Elsie R Encarnacion 2025 City Council | District 08 Harvey D Epstein 2025 City Council | District 02 Amanda  Farias 2025 City Council | District 18 Simcha  Felder 2025 City Council | District 44 Oswald  Feliz 2025 City Council | District 15 Corinne  Fisher 2025 Mayor | New York City Allen  Fishermen 2025 Mayor | New York City Lukas  Florczak 2025 City Council | District 04 Louis  Flores 2025 City Council | District 03 Joseph  Foley 2025 City Council | District 02 Griffin  Fossella 2025 City Council | District 51 Griffin  Fossella City Council | 2025 Special Election Vito J Fossella 2025 Borough President | Staten Island Ramses  Frias 2025 City Council | District 25 Moshe  Fridman 2025 City Council | District 44 Sabrina  Gates 2025 City Council | District 33 James F Gennaro 2025 City Council | District 24 Vanessa L Gibson 2025 Borough President | Bronx Dr. Brandon D Gillespie 2025 Mayor | New York City Andrea  Gordillo 2025 City Council | District 02 Bashek J Grimes 2025 Borough President | Queens Jennifer  Gutierrez 2025 City Council | District 34 Kyle N Gutierrez 2025 Mayor | New York City Clifford A Hagen 2025 City Council | District 51 Clifford A Hagen City Council | 2025 Special Election Shahana  Hanif 2025 City Council | District 39 Tyrell D Hankerson 2025 City Council | District 28 Kamillah M Hanks 2025 City Council | District 49 Shah S Haque 2025 City Council | District 25 John Maynard  Harris 2025 City Council | District 14 John R Harris 2025 Mayor | New York City Linda T Harrison 2025 City Council | District 47 Jamell  Henderson 2025 City Council | District 41 Yanna M Henriquez 2025 City Council | District 21 Cecil  Henry 2025 City Council | District 36 Danielle  Herbert-Guggenheim 2025 City Council | District 11 Clifton A Hinton 2025 City Council | District 41 Romeo  Hitlall 2025 City Council | District 28 Bryan  Hodge Vasquez 2025 City Council | District 14 Jeffrey  Horowitz 2025 City Council | District 51 Brad  Hoylman-Sigal 2025 Borough President | Manhattan Crystal  Hudson 2025 City Council | District 35 Henry  Ikezi 2025 Borough President | Queens Vincent K Jenkins 2025 City Council | District 02 Rita C Joseph 2025 City Council | District 40 Shakur T Joseph 2025 City Council | District 16 Scott E Joyner 2025 Mayor | New York City Ari  Kagan 2025 City Council | District 48 Nickie  Kane 2025 City Council | District 39 Peter  Kefalas 2025 Comptroller | New York City Tiffany  Khan 2025 City Council | District 07 Andy  King 2025 City Council | District 12 Maya  Kornberg 2025 City Council | District 39 Shekar  Krishnan 2025 City Council | District 25 Brad  Lander 2025 Mayor | New York City Jacqueline  Lara 2025 City Council | District 03 Abbey  Laurel-Smith 2025 Mayor | New York City Linda  Lee 2025 City Council | District 23 Latoya  LeGrand 2025 City Council | District 28 James J Leonard 2025 Mayor | New York City Mark  Levine 2025 Comptroller | New York City Deirdre  Levy 2025 Mayor | New York City Elizabeth  Lewinsohn 2025 City Council | District 01 Shanequa S Lewis 2025 Mayor | New York City Michael A Lopez 2025 City Council | District 30 Wilfredo  Lopez 2025 City Council | District 08 Kris  Lord 2025 Mayor | New York City Farah  Louis 2025 City Council | District 45 Lawman  Lynch 2025 City Council | District 41 Paul  Mailhot 2025 Mayor | New York City Danniel  Maio 2025 Comptroller | New York City Ismael  Malave 2025 Comptroller | New York City Virginia  Maloney 2025 City Council | District 04 Zohran K Mamdani 2025 Mayor | New York City James L Manning 2025 Mayor | New York City Kristy  Marmorato 2025 City Council | District 13 Eddie  Marrero 2025 City Council | District 13 Grace  Marrero 2025 Borough President | Bronx Christopher  Marte 2025 City Council | District 01 Jean P Martinez 2025 Mayor | New York City Christian N Matthew 2025 Public Advocate | New York City Supreet  McGrath 2025 City Council | District 29 Shanduke L McPhatter 2025 Borough President | Brooklyn Darlene  Mealy 2025 City Council | District 41 Sarah  Medina 2025 Public Advocate | New York City Julie  Menin 2025 City Council | District 05 Mac R Merchan 2025 City Council | District 25 Radhakrishna  Mohan 2025 City Council | District 50 Diamond  Monroe 2025 Public Advocate | New York City Hiram  Monserrate 2025 City Council | District 21 Erycka  Montoya 2025 City Council | District 21 Salvador  Morales 2025 Mayor | New York City Frank  Morano 2025 City Council | District 51 Frank  Morano City Council | 2025 Special Election Montell C Moseley 2025 Mayor | New York City Jason C Murillo 2025 City Council | District 02 Zellnor  Myrie 2025 Mayor | New York City Ronen  Nahom 2025 Mayor | New York City Mercedes  Narcisse 2025 City Council | District 46 Sandro S Navarro 2025 City Council | District 21 Nimay E Ndolo 2025 City Council | District 34 Fatimazohra  Nouinou 2025 Mayor | New York City Sandy  Nurse 2025 City Council | District 37 Mathieu O Odula 2025 Mayor | New York City Edafe  Okporo 2025 City Council | District 07 Andrew J Okuneff 2025 City Council | District 34 Antirson R Ortiz 2025 City Council | District 17 Chi  Osse 2025 City Council | District 36 Ricardo J Pacheco 2025 City Council | District 25 Vickie  Paladino 2025 City Council | District 19 Kevin S Parker 2025 Comptroller | New York City Mustafa  Pelinkovic 2025 Mayor | New York City Christopher  Penafort 2025 City Council | District 26 John  Perez 2025 City Council | District 13 Freddy  Perez Jr. 2025 City Council | District 17 Austin  Pieters 2025 City Council | District 27 Anzhela  Pinkhasov 2025 City Council | District 48 Paul J Pogozelski 2025 City Council | District 30 Keith  Powers 2025 Borough President | Manhattan Paperboy L Prince 2025 Mayor | New York City Helen J Qiu 2025 City Council | District 01 Luis E Quero 2025 City Council | District 38 Jenniffer  Quezada 2025 City Council | District 07 Jenifer  Rajkumar 2025 Public Advocate | New York City Jessica  Ramos 2025 Mayor | New York City Theona S Reets-DuPont 2025 City Council | District 13 David  Rem 2025 Mayor | New York City Lincoln  Restler 2025 City Council | District 33 Nicholas  Reyes 2025 City Council | District 08 Antonio  Reynoso 2025 Borough President | Brooklyn Donovan  Richards 2025 Borough President | Queens Kevin C Riley 2025 City Council | District 12 Jonathan D Rinaldi 2025 City Council | District 29 Aidan  Rivera 2025 City Council | District 49 Joel R Rivera 2025 City Council | District 13 Hector  Robertson 2025 City Council | District 35 Dominick  Romeo 2025 City Council | District 03 Erwin  Roque 2025 Borough President | Queens Diane  Rose 2025 City Council | District 21 Javon T Ross 2025 Mayor | New York City Allie L Ryan 2025 City Council | District 02 Luke P Saghir 2025 City Council | District 39 Yusef  Salaam 2025 City Council | District 09 Rafael  Salamanca 2025 Borough President | Bronx Elizabeth  Sanchez 2025 City Council | District 09 Justin E Sanchez 2025 City Council | District 17 Pierina A Sanchez 2025 City Council | District 14 Elvis  Santana 2025 City Council | District 17 Raymond  Santana 2025 City Council | District 08 Kayla  Santosuosso 2025 City Council | District 47 Stylo A Sapaskis 2025 City Council | District 11 George  Sarantopoulos 2025 City Council | District 47 Gail  Schargel 2025 City Council | District 02 Lynn  Schulman 2025 City Council | District 29 Tina R Seals 2025 City Council | District 01 Christina  Serrano 2025 City Council | District 41 Jonas  Shaende 2025 Mayor | New York City John E Shea 2025 City Council | District 49 Stephen G Sifontes 2025 Mayor | New York City Japneet  Singh 2025 City Council | District 28 Curtis A Sliwa 2025 Mayor | New York City Dermot  Smyth 2025 City Council | District 30 Ebon Y Solo 2025 Mayor | New York City Gordon  Springs 2025 City Council | District 07 Karen  Stachel 2025 Mayor | New York City Ean  Steinberger 2025 Mayor | New York City Althea V Stevens 2025 City Council | District 16 Skiboky S Stora 2025 Mayor | New York City Rachel  Storch 2025 City Council | District 04 Scott M Stringer 2025 Mayor | New York City Calvin D Sun 2025 Borough President | Manhattan Shanel  Thomas-Henry 2025 City Council | District 21 Collin L Thompson 2025 City Council | District 05 Jammel A Thompson 2025 City Council | District 41 Whitney R Tilson 2025 Mayor | New York City Harold  Tischler 2025 City Council | District 44 Jacqueline J Torres 2025 City Council | District 13 Liliana M Trafficante 2025 City Council | District 13 Sandra  Ung 2025 City Council | District 20 Jasmine  Uribe 2025 City Council | District 17 Fedir  Usmanov 2025 City Council | District 47 Alicia B Vaichunas 2025 City Council | District 30 Inna  Vernikov 2025 City Council | District 48 James  Walden 2025 Mayor | New York City Allen H Wang 2025 City Council | District 20 Steven  Wang 2025 City Council | District 20 Tabitha  Ward 2025 Mayor | New York City Sharon  Wedderburn 2025 City Council | District 35 Anthony  Weiner 2025 City Council | District 02 Benjamin D Wetzler 2025 City Council | District 04 Dimple  Willabus 2025 City Council | District 46 Jomo M Williams 2025 City Council | District 07 Jumaane D Williams 2025 Public Advocate | New York City Nantasha  Williams 2025 City Council | District 27 Natalie  Williams 2025 Mayor | New York City Sherena L Williams 2025 Public Advocate | New York City Ruben W Wills 2025 City Council | District 28 Evette  Wilson 2025 City Council | District 14 Julie  Won 2025 City Council | District 26 Phil  Wong 2025 City Council | District 30 Ling  Ye 2025 City Council | District 38 Eric  Yu 2025 City Council | District 01 Evette  Zayas 2025 City Council | District 08 Susan  Zhuang 2025 City Council | District 43 Namra  Zulfiqar 2025 City Council | District 48 Contribute FAQs Contribute FAQs Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Terms and Conditions Contact Contribute Contact Contribute Twitter Instagram Facebook YouTube About Us Contact Us NYC Campaign Finance Board About Us Contact Us NYC Campaign Finance Board Twitter Instagram Facebook YouTube

--- Landing Level Page: https://ballotpedia.org/Elsie_Encarnacion ---


--- Landing Level Page: https://council.nyc.gov/diana-ayala/staff-directory/ ---
New York City Council Search for:   Find My District Budget Committees Land Use Legislation Press Releases Translate this page Google Translate District 8 Diana Ayala Mott Haven-Port Morris, Melrose, Concourse-Concourse Village, Upper East Side-Carnegie Hill, Upper East Side-Yorkville, East Harlem (South), East Harlem (North), Randall's Island Staff Directory For scheduling and other inquiries please email: District8@council.nyc.gov Staff Member Title Email Elsie Encarnacion Chief of Staff EEncarnacion@council.nyc.gov Stephanie Herrera Deputy Chief of Staff SHerrera@council.nyc.gov Melinda Velez Interim Chief of Staff MVelez@council.nyc.gov Maggie McDermott Director of Special Projects MMcDermott@council.nyc.gov Elizabeth Almonte Office Manager/Scheduler EAlmonte@council.nyc.gov Monica Guardiola Constituent Liaison (East Harlem) MGuardiola@council.nyc.gov Gloria Cruz Constituent Liaison (South Bronx) GCruz@council.nyc.gov Alicia Miranda Bronx Outreach Coordinator AMiranda@council.nyc.gov Adrian Barroso Legislative Fellow (October 2024-September 2025) ABarroso@council.nyc.gov Brian Hammerstein Director Communication BHammerstein@council.nyc.gov Staff Directory For scheduling and other inquiries please email: District8@council.nyc.gov Staff Member Title Email Elsie Encarnacion Chief of Staff EEncarnacion@council.nyc.gov Stephanie Herrera Deputy Chief of Staff SHerrera@council.nyc.gov Melinda Velez Interim Chief of Staff MVelez@council.nyc.gov Maggie McDermott Director of Special Projects MMcDermott@council.nyc.gov Elizabeth Almonte Office Manager/Scheduler EAlmonte@council.nyc.gov Monica Guardiola Constituent Liaison (East Harlem) MGuardiola@council.nyc.gov Gloria Cruz Constituent Liaison (South Bronx) GCruz@council.nyc.gov Alicia Miranda Bronx Outreach Coordinator AMiranda@council.nyc.gov Adrian Barroso Legislative Fellow (October 2024-September 2025) ABarroso@council.nyc.gov Brian Hammerstein Director Communication BHammerstein@council.nyc.gov Biography Legislative Accomplishments East 125th Street Development Taskforce Staff Directory Resources Newsletter Join our mailing list! FY’25 Discretionary Funding Expense and Capital Application Information District Office East Harlem Office: 105 East 116th Street New York, NY 10029 Phone: 212-828-9800 Fax: 212-722-6378 Bronx Office: 214 St. Ann's Avenue Bronx, New York 10454 Phone: 347-297-4922 Fax: 347-270-1213 Legislative Office 250 Broadway, Suite 1764 New York, NY 10007 Phone: 212-788-6960 Fax: 212-227-1215 Visit the Council We're located at New York City Hall. Council Members each have an office at 250 Broadway , as well as offices in each of their districts. We want to hear from you You can reach us via social media, email, paper mail, or at your district office. For issues specific to a neighborhood, it's best to contact the Council Member representing that community. Have questions, comments or feedback? Email us here.        About Events What we do Caucuses Visit the Council District Info Job Opportunities Collective Bargaining Agreement Subscribe for Updates Our Privacy Policy Legislation Our Legislative Process Register to Testify Hearing Calendar and Video Archive Search legislation Legislative API Data Press & News Submit a “Freedom of Information Law” (FOIL) Request Press Releases Photos Past Featured Content Videos Media Inquiries For media inquiries, please contact press@council.nyc.gov Accessibility Read our Accessibility Statement  General Inquiries Error: Contact form not found. ×

--- 2nd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/Calendar.aspx ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## List View List View List View List View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Search: Search:  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive)  select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive) notes closed captions notes closed captions  *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. Help 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 845 records 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 City Council Stated Meeting 9/25/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 9/18/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 8/14/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 7/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/30/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 6/26/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Cooling centers. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/11/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/29/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Public Safety. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Safety Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/28/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Immigration 5/27/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Immigration Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Criminal Justice and the Committee on Immigration. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Criminal Justice 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Criminal Justice Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Health Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Hospitals Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Education. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Children and Youth Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on General Welfare. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on General Welfare 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - General Welfare Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 5/15/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Higher Education and the Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Higher Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Housing 5/14/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Housing Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Housing and Buildings and the Committee on Public Housing. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Housing and Buildings Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/13/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Parks and Recreation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Transportation and Infrastructure Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Parks and Recreation and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Aging 5/12/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Aging Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management and the Committee on Aging. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/6/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/1/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Establishing exemptions for third-party food delivery services from the limits on fees charged by such services on food service establishments. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Wildfire mitigation strategic planning report to mitigate wildfires in parks under the jurisdiction of the department of parks and recreation. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/1/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/1/2025   9:00 AM 9:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the department of education to report on school librarians and library access in New York city public schools. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/30/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Land Use 4/30/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Contracts 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Contracts Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Public Meeting Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 4/29/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Oversight - Removing Small Financial Barriers for CUNY Students. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Technology 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Veterans 4/28/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 4/24/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* New York City health care institutions to contract with industrial laundry companies that respect workers’ legal rights and adhere to area standards for wages and benefits. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Economic Development 4/24/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/24/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Veterans 4/23/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/23/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Land Use 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/17/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Women and Gender Equity. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil Service and Labor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Criminal Justice 4/16/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Aging 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with the Committee on Finance. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Immigration 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Immigration Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Housing 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Security Guards, Fire Guards, and NYCHA’s Oversight of Contractors. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video City Council Stated Meeting 4/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Technology 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the 311 customer service center to provide certain resources in response to tree pruning-related requests. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Fire and Emergency Management 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Flash flood preparedness outreach and evacuation guidance. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Long-term citywide bathroom strategy and to make other technical changes. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/10/2025   10:45 AM 10:45 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor VOTE* Prioritization of maintenance of trees adjacent to buildings and structures. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Safety 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/10/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/10/2025   9:30 AM 9:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video  previous day next day today Calendar Title and navigation Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << April 2025 S M T W T F S 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 April 2025   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30           Day Day Week Week Month Timeline Timeline Apr, 2025 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2

--- 2nd Level Page: https://council.nyc.gov/legislation/ ---
New York City Council Search for:   Find My District Budget Committees Land Use Legislation Press Releases Translate this page Google Translate Legislation New York City is diverse, complex, and unlike anywhere else. The Council creates laws to provide a framework for governing our unique city. The Council writes and passes local laws that affect the day-to-day lives of people living in, working in, or visiting New York City. Local laws can impact the lives of New Yorkers in many ways, both large and small. Some examples include: Paid Sick Leave, which enabled New Yorkers who are part-time workers at companies with 5+ employees to take paid time off when they’re ill IDNYC, which created a municipal photo identification program that allows New Yorkers who prove their residence to access city-based services and benefits See legislation The Council can also pass resolutions on state and federal issues that are relevant to New Yorkers. Resolutions allow the Council to express a collective voice of the City, and can play an important role in the development of law and public policy throughout New York State and across the nation. One type of resolution is a State Legislation Resolution (SLR), where the Council makes an official request of the New York State Legislature (also known as a “Home Rule Message”) to pass a special law affecting New York City. Council Members & Committees Council Members are assigned to Committees that examine specific topic areas. These Committees consist of a minimum of five Council Members and are tasked to study the potential impact of local laws and public policies. They then make recommendations for the entire 51-member body to consider and vote upon at Stated Meetings. By studying specific issues, Council Committees ensure that differing community needs are acknowledged. Learn more about Committees Legislative Division Each Council Committee also has a team of staff attorneys and analysts. This team supports the Committee by arranging public hearings and providing the legal and policy-based research needed to make decisions that benefit New York City. Notice for the public (January 14, 2025) Notice for the public (January 23, 2025) The Legislative Process Step 1: Bill introduction Council Members work with the Legislation Division to craft a bill that is introduced at stated meetings, where it is assigned to the appropriate Committee. Step 2: Public hearings The Committee will hold a public hearing on a bill to obtain feedback from the public and other government entities who may be affected by the bill. This may result in amendments to the bill. Step 3: Voting The Committee votes on the bill. If the bill passes the Committee by majority vote, the bill is then sent to the full Council where it will be considered and voted on at a Stated Meeting. The bill must again pass by majority vote. Step 4: Mayoral decision After a bill is passed by the Council, it is presented to the Mayor, who has 30 days to either sign the bill into law, veto the bill or take no action. If the Mayor vetoes the bill, it is sent back to the Council. If this happens, the Council can override the Mayor’s veto with a 2/3 vote. If the Mayor doesn’t sign or veto the bill within 30 days, it becomes law. Step 5: Bill becomes law Once a bill is signed by the Mayor (or its veto has been overridden by Council), it’s then added to the New York City Charter or Administrative Code. The Legislative Division often refers to its Bill Drafting Manual , one of the first local-level drafting manuals in the country to be written and made available to the public. We put together this manual primarily to assist the Council’s Legislative Division in drafting bills and resolutions. We are making it available to the public to further the Council’s interests in transparency and public education. Paid Sick Leave, which enabled New Yorkers who are part-time workers at companies with 5+ employees to take paid time off when they’re ill IDNYC, which created a municipal photo identification program that allows New Yorkers who prove their residence to access city-based services and benefits See legislation The Council can also pass resolutions on state and federal issues that are relevant to New Yorkers. Resolutions allow the Council to express a collective voice of the City, and can play an important role in the development of law and public policy throughout New York State and across the nation. One type of resolution is a State Legislation Resolution (SLR), where the Council makes an official request of the New York State Legislature (also known as a “Home Rule Message”) to pass a special law affecting New York City.  Council Members & Committees Council Members are assigned to Committees that examine specific topic areas. These Committees consist of a minimum of five Council Members and are tasked to study the potential impact of local laws and public policies. They then make recommendations for the entire 51-member body to consider and vote upon at Stated Meetings. By studying specific issues, Council Committees ensure that differing community needs are acknowledged. Learn more about Committees Legislative Division Each Council Committee also has a team of staff attorneys and analysts. This team supports the Committee by arranging public hearings and providing the legal and policy-based research needed to make decisions that benefit New York City. The Legislative Process Step 1: Bill introduction Council Members work with the Legislation Division to craft a bill that is introduced at stated meetings, where it is assigned to the appropriate Committee. Step 2: Public hearings The Committee will hold a public hearing on a bill to obtain feedback from the public and other government entities who may be affected by the bill. This may result in amendments to the bill. Step 3: Voting The Committee votes on the bill. If the bill passes the Committee by majority vote, the bill is then sent to the full Council where it will be considered and voted on at a Stated Meeting. The bill must again pass by majority vote. Step 4: Mayoral decision After a bill is passed by the Council, it is presented to the Mayor, who has 30 days to either sign the bill into law, veto the bill or take no action. If the Mayor vetoes the bill, it is sent back to the Council. If this happens, the Council can override the Mayor’s veto with a 2/3 vote. If the Mayor doesn’t sign or veto the bill within 30 days, it becomes law. Step 5: Bill becomes law Once a bill is signed by the Mayor (or its veto has been overridden by Council), it’s then added to the New York City Charter or Administrative Code. The Legislative Division often refers to its Bill Drafting Manual , one of the first local-level drafting manuals in the country to be written and made available to the public. We put together this manual primarily to assist the Council’s Legislative Division in drafting bills and resolutions. We are making it available to the public to further the Council’s interests in transparency and public education. Visit the Council We're located at New York City Hall. Council Members each have an office at 250 Broadway , as well as offices in each of their districts. We want to hear from you You can reach us via social media, email, paper mail, or at your district office. For issues specific to a neighborhood, it's best to contact the Council Member representing that community. Have questions, comments or feedback? Email us here.        About Events What we do Caucuses Visit the Council District Info Job Opportunities Collective Bargaining Agreement Subscribe for Updates Our Privacy Policy Legislation Our Legislative Process Register to Testify Hearing Calendar and Video Archive Search legislation Legislative API Data Press & News Submit a “Freedom of Information Law” (FOIL) Request Press Releases Photos Past Featured Content Videos Media Inquiries For media inquiries, please contact press@council.nyc.gov Accessibility Read our Accessibility Statement  General Inquiries Error: Contact form not found. ×

--- 2nd Level Page: https://council.nyc.gov/diana-ayala/legislation/ ---
New York City Council Search for:   Find My District Budget Committees Land Use Legislation Press Releases Translate this page Google Translate District 8 Diana Ayala Mott Haven-Port Morris, Melrose, Concourse-Concourse Village, Upper East Side-Carnegie Hill, Upper East Side-Yorkville, East Harlem (South), East Harlem (North), Randall's Island Legislative Accomplishments The following tables include all pieces of legislation passed by Deputy Speaker Diana Ayala throughout her time as a member of the New York City Council. For more information on specific bills, please click the bill # under the Law # column to be directed to that specific piece of legislation. Passed Legislation Law # Title Int 0007-2022 A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to admission to recreational facilities Int 0878-2023 A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to prohibiting the department of social services from requiring an applicant for a rental assistance voucher to have resided or reside in a shelter of any type, and to repeal sections 21-145.1 and 21-145.2 of such code in relation thereto Int 0004-2022 A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to prohibiting the sale of guinea pigs in pet shops Int 0375-2022 A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to reporting on the results of lotteries administered by the department of housing preservation and development for affordable housing units for tenants with disabilities Int 0141-2022 A Local Law to amend the New York city building code, in relation to signage for automatic doors Int 0092-2022 A Local Law in relation to the creation of an advisory board for accessibility at shelters Int 0609-2022 A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to establishing a needle, syringe, and sharps buyback pilot program Int 0212-2022 A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to updating the report on utilization of and applications for multi-agency emergency housing assistance, exits from city-administered facilities and the financings, starts and completions of permanent housing for those exiting city-administered facilities Int 2442-2021 A Local Law to amend the New York city charter, in relation to establishing an office of community mental health Int 2318-2021 A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to the licensing of construction labor providers Int 1830-2019 A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to publication of 311 service level agreements Int 1685-2019 A Local Law to amend the New York city charter, in relation to providing age discrimination training to city agencies. Int 1684-2019 A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to requiring the commission on human rights to create an anti-discrimination poster that includes age discrimination, and requiring city agencies to display the poster Int 1339-2019 A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to providing information about lawful source of income discrimination to applicants for the city fighting homelessness and eviction prevention supplement program Int 1654-2019 A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to neighborhood awareness campaigns regarding farm-to-city projects Int 1559-2019 A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to the establishment of an office to provide support to those in need of burial assistance Int 1742-2019 A Local Law to require the board of correction to report on the impact on incarcerated individuals of closing jails on Rikers Island, and to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to requiring the mayor’s office of criminal justice to report on progress in closing jails on Rikers Island Int 1514-2019 A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to requiring access to substance abuse treatment for transgender, gender non-conforming, non-binary, and intersex individuals Int 1513-2019 A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to mental health treatment for transgender, gender nonconforming, non-binary, and intersex individuals Int 1340-2019 A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to the grievance process for incarcerated individuals Int 1180-2018 A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to mental health training for senior center caseworkers Int 1242-2018 A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to expanding available data in the online property owner registry Int 1179-2018 A Local Law in relation to the disapproval of a determination by the department of housing preservation and development to approve the transfer of the property located at 424 East 115 Street, also known as Block 1708, Lot 38, in the borough of Manhattan Int 0615-2018 A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to syringe exchange programs Passed Resolutions: Resolution # Title Res 0713-2023 Resolution to provide the amounts necessary for the support of the Government of the City of New York and the counties therein and for the payment of indebtedness thereof, for the Fiscal Year beginning on July 1, 2023 and ending on June 30, 2024 by the levy of taxes on the Real Property in the City of New York, in accordance with the provisions of the constitution of the State of New York, the Real Property Tax Law and the New York City Charter. Res 0704-2023 RESOLUTION COMPUTING AND CERTIFYING ADJUSTED BASE PROPORTION OF EACH CLASS OF REAL PROPERTY FOR FISCAL 2024 TO THE STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY TAX SERVICES PURSUANT TO SECTION 1803-a OF THE REAL PROPERTY TAX LAW. Res 0703-2023 RESOLUTION COMPUTING AND CERTIFYING BASE PERCENTAGE, CURRENT PERCENTAGE AND CURRENT BASE PROPORTION OF EACH CLASS OF REAL PROPERTY FOR FISCAL 2024 TO THE STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY TAX SERVICES PURSUANT TO SECTION 1803-a OF THE REAL PROPERTY TAX LAW. Res 0387-2022 Resolution calling on the U.S. Congress to repeal the Merchant Marine Act of 1920, commonly known as the “Jones Act”. Res 0233-2022 Resolution to provide the amounts necessary for the support of the Government of the City of New York and the counties therein and for the payment of indebtedness thereof, for the Fiscal Year beginning on July 1, 2022 and ending on June 30, 2023 by the levy of taxes on the Real Property in the City of New York, in accordance with the provisions of the constitution of the State of New York, the Real Property Tax Law and the New York City Charter. Res 0223-2022 Resolution establishing for Fiscal 2023 a zero percent increase of the current base proportion of any class over the adjusted base proportion of the immediately preceding year for purposes of determining the current base proportion. Res 0222-2022 RESOLUTION COMPUTING AND CERTIFYING ADJUSTED BASE PROPORTION OF EACH CLASS OF REAL PROPERTY FOR FISCAL 2023 TO THE STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY TAX SERVICES PURSUANT TO SECTION 1803-a OF THE REAL PROPERTY TAX LAW. Res 0221-2022 RESOLUTION COMPUTING AND CERTIFYING BASE PERCENTAGE, CURRENT PERCENTAGE AND CURRENT BASE PROPORTION OF EACH CLASS OF REAL PROPERTY FOR FISCAL 2023 TO THE STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY TAX SERVICES PURSUANT TO SECTION 1803-a OF THE REAL PROPERTY TAX LAW. Res 0194-2022 Resolution to establish that the interest rate be 14 percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023 for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of more than $450,000, or more than $450,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments. Res 0193-2022 Resolution to establish that the interest rate be seven percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023 for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of more than $250,000 but less than or equal to $450,000, or more than $250,000 but less than or equal to $450,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments. Res 0192-2022 Resolution to establish that the interest rate be four percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023 for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of not more than $250,000, or not more than $250,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments. Res 0191-2022 Resolution to establish that the discount percentage for early payment of real estate taxes be set at one-half of one percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023. Res 0057-2022 Resolution calling on Congress to pass, and the President to sign, a bill in support of self-determination for Puerto Rico. Res 0540-2018 Resolution calling upon the New York State Education Department to require, implement and enforce more extensive training and tracking of the training of school bus drivers and attendants who transport students with disabilities. Legislative Accomplishments The following tables include all pieces of legislation passed by Deputy Speaker Diana Ayala throughout her time as a member of the New York City Council. For more information on specific bills, please click the bill # under the Law # column to be directed to that specific piece of legislation. Passed Legislation Law # Title Int 0007-2022 A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to admission to recreational facilities Int 0878-2023 A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to prohibiting the department of social services from requiring an applicant for a rental assistance voucher to have resided or reside in a shelter of any type, and to repeal sections 21-145.1 and 21-145.2 of such code in relation thereto Int 0004-2022 A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to prohibiting the sale of guinea pigs in pet shops Int 0375-2022 A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to reporting on the results of lotteries administered by the department of housing preservation and development for affordable housing units for tenants with disabilities Int 0141-2022 A Local Law to amend the New York city building code, in relation to signage for automatic doors Int 0092-2022 A Local Law in relation to the creation of an advisory board for accessibility at shelters Int 0609-2022 A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to establishing a needle, syringe, and sharps buyback pilot program Int 0212-2022 A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to updating the report on utilization of and applications for multi-agency emergency housing assistance, exits from city-administered facilities and the financings, starts and completions of permanent housing for those exiting city-administered facilities Int 2442-2021 A Local Law to amend the New York city charter, in relation to establishing an office of community mental health Int 2318-2021 A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to the licensing of construction labor providers Int 1830-2019 A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to publication of 311 service level agreements Int 1685-2019 A Local Law to amend the New York city charter, in relation to providing age discrimination training to city agencies. Int 1684-2019 A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to requiring the commission on human rights to create an anti-discrimination poster that includes age discrimination, and requiring city agencies to display the poster Int 1339-2019 A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to providing information about lawful source of income discrimination to applicants for the city fighting homelessness and eviction prevention supplement program Int 1654-2019 A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to neighborhood awareness campaigns regarding farm-to-city projects Int 1559-2019 A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to the establishment of an office to provide support to those in need of burial assistance Int 1742-2019 A Local Law to require the board of correction to report on the impact on incarcerated individuals of closing jails on Rikers Island, and to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to requiring the mayor’s office of criminal justice to report on progress in closing jails on Rikers Island Int 1514-2019 A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to requiring access to substance abuse treatment for transgender, gender non-conforming, non-binary, and intersex individuals Int 1513-2019 A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to mental health treatment for transgender, gender nonconforming, non-binary, and intersex individuals Int 1340-2019 A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to the grievance process for incarcerated individuals Int 1180-2018 A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to mental health training for senior center caseworkers Int 1242-2018 A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to expanding available data in the online property owner registry Int 1179-2018 A Local Law in relation to the disapproval of a determination by the department of housing preservation and development to approve the transfer of the property located at 424 East 115 Street, also known as Block 1708, Lot 38, in the borough of Manhattan Int 0615-2018 A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to syringe exchange programs Passed Resolutions: Resolution # Title Res 0713-2023 Resolution to provide the amounts necessary for the support of the Government of the City of New York and the counties therein and for the payment of indebtedness thereof, for the Fiscal Year beginning on July 1, 2023 and ending on June 30, 2024 by the levy of taxes on the Real Property in the City of New York, in accordance with the provisions of the constitution of the State of New York, the Real Property Tax Law and the New York City Charter. Res 0704-2023 RESOLUTION COMPUTING AND CERTIFYING ADJUSTED BASE PROPORTION OF EACH CLASS OF REAL PROPERTY FOR FISCAL 2024 TO THE STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY TAX SERVICES PURSUANT TO SECTION 1803-a OF THE REAL PROPERTY TAX LAW. Res 0703-2023 RESOLUTION COMPUTING AND CERTIFYING BASE PERCENTAGE, CURRENT PERCENTAGE AND CURRENT BASE PROPORTION OF EACH CLASS OF REAL PROPERTY FOR FISCAL 2024 TO THE STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY TAX SERVICES PURSUANT TO SECTION 1803-a OF THE REAL PROPERTY TAX LAW. Res 0387-2022 Resolution calling on the U.S. Congress to repeal the Merchant Marine Act of 1920, commonly known as the “Jones Act”. Res 0233-2022 Resolution to provide the amounts necessary for the support of the Government of the City of New York and the counties therein and for the payment of indebtedness thereof, for the Fiscal Year beginning on July 1, 2022 and ending on June 30, 2023 by the levy of taxes on the Real Property in the City of New York, in accordance with the provisions of the constitution of the State of New York, the Real Property Tax Law and the New York City Charter. Res 0223-2022 Resolution establishing for Fiscal 2023 a zero percent increase of the current base proportion of any class over the adjusted base proportion of the immediately preceding year for purposes of determining the current base proportion. Res 0222-2022 RESOLUTION COMPUTING AND CERTIFYING ADJUSTED BASE PROPORTION OF EACH CLASS OF REAL PROPERTY FOR FISCAL 2023 TO THE STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY TAX SERVICES PURSUANT TO SECTION 1803-a OF THE REAL PROPERTY TAX LAW. Res 0221-2022 RESOLUTION COMPUTING AND CERTIFYING BASE PERCENTAGE, CURRENT PERCENTAGE AND CURRENT BASE PROPORTION OF EACH CLASS OF REAL PROPERTY FOR FISCAL 2023 TO THE STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY TAX SERVICES PURSUANT TO SECTION 1803-a OF THE REAL PROPERTY TAX LAW. Res 0194-2022 Resolution to establish that the interest rate be 14 percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023 for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of more than $450,000, or more than $450,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments. Res 0193-2022 Resolution to establish that the interest rate be seven percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023 for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of more than $250,000 but less than or equal to $450,000, or more than $250,000 but less than or equal to $450,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments. Res 0192-2022 Resolution to establish that the interest rate be four percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023 for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of not more than $250,000, or not more than $250,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments. Res 0191-2022 Resolution to establish that the discount percentage for early payment of real estate taxes be set at one-half of one percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023. Res 0057-2022 Resolution calling on Congress to pass, and the President to sign, a bill in support of self-determination for Puerto Rico. Res 0540-2018 Resolution calling upon the New York State Education Department to require, implement and enforce more extensive training and tracking of the training of school bus drivers and attendants who transport students with disabilities. Biography Legislative Accomplishments East 125th Street Development Taskforce Staff Directory Resources Newsletter Join our mailing list! FY’25 Discretionary Funding Expense and Capital Application Information District Office East Harlem Office: 105 East 116th Street New York, NY 10029 Phone: 212-828-9800 Fax: 212-722-6378 Bronx Office: 214 St. Ann's Avenue Bronx, New York 10454 Phone: 347-297-4922 Fax: 347-270-1213 Legislative Office 250 Broadway, Suite 1764 New York, NY 10007 Phone: 212-788-6960 Fax: 212-227-1215 Visit the Council We're located at New York City Hall. Council Members each have an office at 250 Broadway , as well as offices in each of their districts. We want to hear from you You can reach us via social media, email, paper mail, or at your district office. For issues specific to a neighborhood, it's best to contact the Council Member representing that community. Have questions, comments or feedback? Email us here.        About Events What we do Caucuses Visit the Council District Info Job Opportunities Collective Bargaining Agreement Subscribe for Updates Our Privacy Policy Legislation Our Legislative Process Register to Testify Hearing Calendar and Video Archive Search legislation Legislative API Data Press & News Submit a “Freedom of Information Law” (FOIL) Request Press Releases Photos Past Featured Content Videos Media Inquiries For media inquiries, please contact press@council.nyc.gov Accessibility Read our Accessibility Statement  General Inquiries Error: Contact form not found. ×

--- 2nd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/Legislation.aspx ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  Search: Search:  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today select All Types Charter Revision Referendums City Agency Report Commissioner of Deeds Communication Hearing Transcripts 1994 Hearing Transcripts 1995 Hearing Transcripts 1996 Hearing Transcripts 1997 Hearing Transcripts 1998 Hearing Transcripts 1999 Hearing Transcripts 2000 Hearing Transcripts 2001 Hearing Transcripts 2002 Introduction Land Use Application Land Use Call-Up Local Law Local Laws 1968 Local Laws 1969 Local Laws 1970 Local Laws 1971 Local Laws 1972 Local Laws 1973 Local Laws 1974 Local Laws 1975 Local Laws 1976 Local Laws 1977 Local Laws 1978 Local Laws 1979 Local Laws 1980 Local Laws 1981 Local Laws 1982 Local Laws 1983 Local Laws 1984 Local Laws 1985 Local Laws 1986 Local Laws 1987 Local Laws 1988 Local Laws 1989 Local Laws 1990 Local Laws 1991 Local Laws 1992 Local Laws 1993 Local Laws 1994 Local Laws 1995 Local Laws 1996 Local Laws 1997 Local Laws 1998 Local Laws 1999 Local Laws 2000 Local Laws 2001 Local Laws 2002 Local Laws 2003 Local Laws 2004 Local Laws 2005 Local Laws 2006 Local Laws 2007 Local Laws 2008 Local Laws 2009 Local Laws 2010 Local Laws 2011 Local Laws 2012 Local Laws 2013 Local Laws 2014 Local Laws 2015 Local Laws 2016 Local Laws 2017 Local Laws 2018 Local Laws 2019 Local Laws 2020 Local Laws 2021 Local Laws 2022 Local Laws 2023 Local Laws 2024 Local Laws 2025 Manhattan Borough Board Meeting Mayor's Message Motion N/A Oversight Past Policy Reports Petition Public Meeting Resolution SLR Special Event Tour Town Hall Meeting  select All Types Charter Revision Referendums City Agency Report Commissioner of Deeds Communication Hearing Transcripts 1994 Hearing Transcripts 1995 Hearing Transcripts 1996 Hearing Transcripts 1997 Hearing Transcripts 1998 Hearing Transcripts 1999 Hearing Transcripts 2000 Hearing Transcripts 2001 Hearing Transcripts 2002 Introduction Land Use Application Land Use Call-Up Local Law Local Laws 1968 Local Laws 1969 Local Laws 1970 Local Laws 1971 Local Laws 1972 Local Laws 1973 Local Laws 1974 Local Laws 1975 Local Laws 1976 Local Laws 1977 Local Laws 1978 Local Laws 1979 Local Laws 1980 Local Laws 1981 Local Laws 1982 Local Laws 1983 Local Laws 1984 Local Laws 1985 Local Laws 1986 Local Laws 1987 Local Laws 1988 Local Laws 1989 Local Laws 1990 Local Laws 1991 Local Laws 1992 Local Laws 1993 Local Laws 1994 Local Laws 1995 Local Laws 1996 Local Laws 1997 Local Laws 1998 Local Laws 1999 Local Laws 2000 Local Laws 2001 Local Laws 2002 Local Laws 2003 Local Laws 2004 Local Laws 2005 Local Laws 2006 Local Laws 2007 Local Laws 2008 Local Laws 2009 Local Laws 2010 Local Laws 2011 Local Laws 2012 Local Laws 2013 Local Laws 2014 Local Laws 2015 Local Laws 2016 Local Laws 2017 Local Laws 2018 Local Laws 2019 Local Laws 2020 Local Laws 2021 Local Laws 2022 Local Laws 2023 Local Laws 2024 Local Laws 2025 Manhattan Borough Board Meeting Mayor's Message Motion N/A Oversight Past Policy Reports Petition Public Meeting Resolution SLR Special Event Tour Town Hall Meeting file # text attachments other info file # text attachments other info    Search Legislation Search Legislation   0 records 0 records 0 records File # Law Number Type Status Committee Prime Sponsor Council Member Sponsors Title Please enter your search criteria. Please enter your search criteria.

--- 2nd Level Page: https://council.nyc.gov/legislation/api/ ---
New York City Council Search for:   Find My District Budget Committees Land Use Legislation Press Releases Translate this page Google Translate Access the Legislative API On November 16, 2017, the Council released the NYC Legistar API, allowing the public to directly access our legislative data. What is an API? The Council shares and archives all of our legislative information, including proposed and passed legislation, hearings, and monthly Stated meetings, on our Legislative Research Center, known as Legistar. The New York City Council Legistar system was built by Granicus using their Legistar Legislative Management Suite. The Legistar Web API for New York City is now available for read access by the public. In Council 2.0, the Council’s technology and engagement roadmap, we outlined different ways to increase access and transparency to our legislative information. Making the NYC Legistar API open to the public will allow individuals to create tools and platforms that pull directly from this data source, ensuring increased accuracy and reliability. Help and Examples Having trouble? Access help, documentation, and examples. Learn More Access the API To get the access token, fill out the form below. You will receive an email with the API Key and further instruction. Name Email (required) Δ Access the Legislative API On November 16, 2017, the Council released the NYC Legistar API, allowing the public to directly access our legislative data.  What is an API? The Council shares and archives all of our legislative information, including proposed and passed legislation, hearings, and monthly Stated meetings, on our Legislative Research Center, known as Legistar. The New York City Council Legistar system was built by Granicus using their Legistar Legislative Management Suite. The Legistar Web API for New York City is now available for read access by the public. In Council 2.0, the Council’s technology and engagement roadmap, we outlined different ways to increase access and transparency to our legislative information. Making the NYC Legistar API open to the public will allow individuals to create tools and platforms that pull directly from this data source, ensuring increased accuracy and reliability. Help and Examples Having trouble? Access help, documentation, and examples. Learn More Access the API To get the access token, fill out the form below. You will receive an email with the API Key and further instruction. Name Email (required) Δ  Name  Email (required)   Δ Visit the Council We're located at New York City Hall. Council Members each have an office at 250 Broadway , as well as offices in each of their districts. We want to hear from you You can reach us via social media, email, paper mail, or at your district office. For issues specific to a neighborhood, it's best to contact the Council Member representing that community. Have questions, comments or feedback? Email us here.        About Events What we do Caucuses Visit the Council District Info Job Opportunities Collective Bargaining Agreement Subscribe for Updates Our Privacy Policy Legislation Our Legislative Process Register to Testify Hearing Calendar and Video Archive Search legislation Legislative API Data Press & News Submit a “Freedom of Information Law” (FOIL) Request Press Releases Photos Past Featured Content Videos Media Inquiries For media inquiries, please contact press@council.nyc.gov Accessibility Read our Accessibility Statement  General Inquiries Error: Contact form not found. ×

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov#2025-04-25 ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## List View List View List View List View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Search: Search:  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive)  select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive) notes closed captions notes closed captions  *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. Help 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 845 records 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 City Council Stated Meeting 9/25/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 9/18/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 8/14/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 7/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/30/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 6/26/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Cooling centers. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/11/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/29/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Public Safety. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Safety Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/28/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Immigration 5/27/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Immigration Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Criminal Justice and the Committee on Immigration. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Criminal Justice 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Criminal Justice Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Health Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Hospitals Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Education. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Children and Youth Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on General Welfare. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on General Welfare 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - General Welfare Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 5/15/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Higher Education and the Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Higher Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Housing 5/14/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Housing Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Housing and Buildings and the Committee on Public Housing. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Housing and Buildings Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/13/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Parks and Recreation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Transportation and Infrastructure Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Parks and Recreation and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Aging 5/12/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Aging Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management and the Committee on Aging. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/6/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/1/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Establishing exemptions for third-party food delivery services from the limits on fees charged by such services on food service establishments. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Wildfire mitigation strategic planning report to mitigate wildfires in parks under the jurisdiction of the department of parks and recreation. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/1/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/1/2025   9:00 AM 9:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the department of education to report on school librarians and library access in New York city public schools. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/30/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Land Use 4/30/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Contracts 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Contracts Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Public Meeting Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 4/29/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Oversight - Removing Small Financial Barriers for CUNY Students. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Technology 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Veterans 4/28/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 4/24/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* New York City health care institutions to contract with industrial laundry companies that respect workers’ legal rights and adhere to area standards for wages and benefits. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Economic Development 4/24/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/24/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Veterans 4/23/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/23/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Land Use 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/17/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Women and Gender Equity. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil Service and Labor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Criminal Justice 4/16/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Aging 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with the Committee on Finance. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Immigration 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Immigration Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Housing 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Security Guards, Fire Guards, and NYCHA’s Oversight of Contractors. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video City Council Stated Meeting 4/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Technology 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the 311 customer service center to provide certain resources in response to tree pruning-related requests. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Fire and Emergency Management 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Flash flood preparedness outreach and evacuation guidance. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Long-term citywide bathroom strategy and to make other technical changes. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/10/2025   10:45 AM 10:45 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor VOTE* Prioritization of maintenance of trees adjacent to buildings and structures. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Safety 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/10/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/10/2025   9:30 AM 9:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video  previous day next day today Calendar Title and navigation Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << April 2025 S M T W T F S 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 April 2025   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30           Day Day Week Week Month Timeline Timeline Apr, 2025 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1302692&GUID=C02A9B09-AD3F-456C-8D6A-29B9836FEDD8 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1302482&GUID=FE9AC282-C4B7-4D0C-ABAA-3DE48454873D&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Meeting Name: Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 4/24/2025 11:00 AM Minutes status: Final Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Minutes Meeting video: Video Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (11) 11 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available Int 1150-2024 * James F. Gennaro Proposed Int. No. 1150-A Creation of a comprehensive stormwater plan and a stormwater dashboard. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) to develop a comprehensive stormwater plan that recommends capacities at which the stormwater system should be able to convey rainfall across New York City. The plan would also identify projects or policies necessary to achieve such capacities and to reduce stormwater flooding. Additionally, this bill requires DEP to develop and maintain a dashboard that indicates the status of the comprehensive stormwater plan and of any projects recommended by the plan. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 1150-2024 * James F. Gennaro Creation of a comprehensive stormwater plan and a stormwater dashboard. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) to develop a comprehensive stormwater plan that recommends capacities at which the stormwater system should be able to convey rainfall across New York City. The plan would also identify projects or policies necessary to achieve such capacities and to reduce stormwater flooding. Additionally, this bill requires DEP to develop and maintain a dashboard that indicates the status of the comprehensive stormwater plan and of any projects recommended by the plan. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 1150-2024 * James F. Gennaro Creation of a comprehensive stormwater plan and a stormwater dashboard. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) to develop a comprehensive stormwater plan that recommends capacities at which the stormwater system should be able to convey rainfall across New York City. The plan would also identify projects or policies necessary to achieve such capacities and to reduce stormwater flooding. Additionally, this bill requires DEP to develop and maintain a dashboard that indicates the status of the comprehensive stormwater plan and of any projects recommended by the plan. Amended by Committee Action details Not available Int 1150-2024 A James F. Gennaro Creation of a comprehensive stormwater plan and a stormwater dashboard. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) to develop a comprehensive stormwater plan that recommends capacities at which the stormwater system should be able to convey rainfall across New York City. The plan would also identify projects or policies necessary to achieve such capacities and to reduce stormwater flooding. Additionally, this bill requires DEP to develop and maintain a dashboard that indicates the status of the comprehensive stormwater plan and of any projects recommended by the plan. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Res 0008-2024 * James F. Gennaro NYS Department of Health and NYS Environmental Facilities Corporation to fairly allocate grants and loans for lead service line replacement approved in the Federal Bipartisan Infrastructure Law and to remove all rules preventing NYC from receiving a fair Resolution Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Res 0008-2024 * James F. Gennaro NYS Department of Health and NYS Environmental Facilities Corporation to fairly allocate grants and loans for lead service line replacement approved in the Federal Bipartisan Infrastructure Law and to remove all rules preventing NYC from receiving a fair Resolution Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Res 0144-2024 * Julie Menin Proposed Res. No. 144-A New York State Environment Facilities Corporation to remove restrictive barriers and uncap funds New York City can receive for water infrastructure upgrades. Resolution Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Res 0144-2024 * Julie Menin New York State Environment Facilities Corporation to remove restrictive barriers and uncap funds New York City can receive for water infrastructure upgrades. Resolution Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Res 0144-2024 * Julie Menin New York State Environment Facilities Corporation to remove restrictive barriers and uncap funds New York City can receive for water infrastructure upgrades. Resolution Amended by Committee Action details Not available Res 0144-2024 A Julie Menin New York State Environment Facilities Corporation to remove restrictive barriers and uncap funds New York City can receive for water infrastructure upgrades. Resolution Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/24/2025 11:00 AM 4/24/2025 11:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Final Final  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Minutes  Meeting video: Meeting video: Video Video  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (11) Meeting Items (11) Meeting Items (11) Meeting Items (11) 11 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 11 records 11 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available Int 1150-2024 * James F. Gennaro Proposed Int. No. 1150-A Creation of a comprehensive stormwater plan and a stormwater dashboard. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) to develop a comprehensive stormwater plan that recommends capacities at which the stormwater system should be able to convey rainfall across New York City. The plan would also identify projects or policies necessary to achieve such capacities and to reduce stormwater flooding. Additionally, this bill requires DEP to develop and maintain a dashboard that indicates the status of the comprehensive stormwater plan and of any projects recommended by the plan. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 1150-2024 * James F. Gennaro Creation of a comprehensive stormwater plan and a stormwater dashboard. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) to develop a comprehensive stormwater plan that recommends capacities at which the stormwater system should be able to convey rainfall across New York City. The plan would also identify projects or policies necessary to achieve such capacities and to reduce stormwater flooding. Additionally, this bill requires DEP to develop and maintain a dashboard that indicates the status of the comprehensive stormwater plan and of any projects recommended by the plan. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 1150-2024 * James F. Gennaro Creation of a comprehensive stormwater plan and a stormwater dashboard. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) to develop a comprehensive stormwater plan that recommends capacities at which the stormwater system should be able to convey rainfall across New York City. The plan would also identify projects or policies necessary to achieve such capacities and to reduce stormwater flooding. Additionally, this bill requires DEP to develop and maintain a dashboard that indicates the status of the comprehensive stormwater plan and of any projects recommended by the plan. Amended by Committee Action details Not available Int 1150-2024 A James F. Gennaro Creation of a comprehensive stormwater plan and a stormwater dashboard. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) to develop a comprehensive stormwater plan that recommends capacities at which the stormwater system should be able to convey rainfall across New York City. The plan would also identify projects or policies necessary to achieve such capacities and to reduce stormwater flooding. Additionally, this bill requires DEP to develop and maintain a dashboard that indicates the status of the comprehensive stormwater plan and of any projects recommended by the plan. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Res 0008-2024 * James F. Gennaro NYS Department of Health and NYS Environmental Facilities Corporation to fairly allocate grants and loans for lead service line replacement approved in the Federal Bipartisan Infrastructure Law and to remove all rules preventing NYC from receiving a fair Resolution Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Res 0008-2024 * James F. Gennaro NYS Department of Health and NYS Environmental Facilities Corporation to fairly allocate grants and loans for lead service line replacement approved in the Federal Bipartisan Infrastructure Law and to remove all rules preventing NYC from receiving a fair Resolution Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Res 0144-2024 * Julie Menin Proposed Res. No. 144-A New York State Environment Facilities Corporation to remove restrictive barriers and uncap funds New York City can receive for water infrastructure upgrades. Resolution Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Res 0144-2024 * Julie Menin New York State Environment Facilities Corporation to remove restrictive barriers and uncap funds New York City can receive for water infrastructure upgrades. Resolution Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Res 0144-2024 * Julie Menin New York State Environment Facilities Corporation to remove restrictive barriers and uncap funds New York City can receive for water infrastructure upgrades. Resolution Amended by Committee Action details Not available Res 0144-2024 A Julie Menin New York State Environment Facilities Corporation to remove restrictive barriers and uncap funds New York City can receive for water infrastructure upgrades. Resolution Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available           Roll call Not available Not available Int 1150-2024 * James F. Gennaro  Proposed Int. No. 1150-A Creation of a comprehensive stormwater plan and a stormwater dashboard. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) to develop a comprehensive stormwater plan that recommends capacities at which the stormwater system should be able to convey rainfall across New York City. The plan would also identify projects or policies necessary to achieve such capacities and to reduce stormwater flooding. Additionally, this bill requires DEP to develop and maintain a dashboard that indicates the status of the comprehensive stormwater plan and of any projects recommended by the plan. Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 1150-2024 * James F. Gennaro   Creation of a comprehensive stormwater plan and a stormwater dashboard. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) to develop a comprehensive stormwater plan that recommends capacities at which the stormwater system should be able to convey rainfall across New York City. The plan would also identify projects or policies necessary to achieve such capacities and to reduce stormwater flooding. Additionally, this bill requires DEP to develop and maintain a dashboard that indicates the status of the comprehensive stormwater plan and of any projects recommended by the plan. Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Not available Not available Int 1150-2024 * James F. Gennaro   Creation of a comprehensive stormwater plan and a stormwater dashboard. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) to develop a comprehensive stormwater plan that recommends capacities at which the stormwater system should be able to convey rainfall across New York City. The plan would also identify projects or policies necessary to achieve such capacities and to reduce stormwater flooding. Additionally, this bill requires DEP to develop and maintain a dashboard that indicates the status of the comprehensive stormwater plan and of any projects recommended by the plan. Amended by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 1150-2024 A James F. Gennaro   Creation of a comprehensive stormwater plan and a stormwater dashboard. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) to develop a comprehensive stormwater plan that recommends capacities at which the stormwater system should be able to convey rainfall across New York City. The plan would also identify projects or policies necessary to achieve such capacities and to reduce stormwater flooding. Additionally, this bill requires DEP to develop and maintain a dashboard that indicates the status of the comprehensive stormwater plan and of any projects recommended by the plan. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Not available Res 0008-2024 * James F. Gennaro   NYS Department of Health and NYS Environmental Facilities Corporation to fairly allocate grants and loans for lead service line replacement approved in the Federal Bipartisan Infrastructure Law and to remove all rules preventing NYC from receiving a fair Resolution  Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Res 0008-2024 * James F. Gennaro   NYS Department of Health and NYS Environmental Facilities Corporation to fairly allocate grants and loans for lead service line replacement approved in the Federal Bipartisan Infrastructure Law and to remove all rules preventing NYC from receiving a fair Resolution  Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Not available Res 0144-2024 * Julie Menin  Proposed Res. No. 144-A New York State Environment Facilities Corporation to remove restrictive barriers and uncap funds New York City can receive for water infrastructure upgrades. Resolution  Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Res 0144-2024 * Julie Menin   New York State Environment Facilities Corporation to remove restrictive barriers and uncap funds New York City can receive for water infrastructure upgrades. Resolution  Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Not available Not available Res 0144-2024 * Julie Menin   New York State Environment Facilities Corporation to remove restrictive barriers and uncap funds New York City can receive for water infrastructure upgrades. Resolution  Amended by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Res 0144-2024 A Julie Menin   New York State Environment Facilities Corporation to remove restrictive barriers and uncap funds New York City can receive for water infrastructure upgrades. Resolution  Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1283805&GUID=19AA12C1-995E-47D4-98B9-01DC3F1803A8 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1290357&GUID=4D370A75-CEE4-4B23-857C-8EF2C6ABB479 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1302700&GUID=C4C1334A-A398-452C-BE50-234ECD71AF6E ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=M&ID=1294261&GUID=3EBA43BB-48B4-4A89-9EA0-F957139731B5 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1290362&GUID=D0843584-46DC-4473-AE53-C998563114C1 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1302679&GUID=AD2F94F5-FD39-47D8-98E1-100D83C77F77 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1287870&GUID=F1D0ADDC-5DAB-4F25-83FF-CF72EE25A370 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1293310&GUID=48332380-91F4-4F0C-B2C4-523668A300A5&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Meeting Name: Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 4/10/2025 9:30 AM Minutes status: Final Meeting location: Committee Room - City Hall Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Minutes Meeting video: Video Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (12) 12 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available Res 0820-2025 * Keith Powers Lauren Stossel, New York City Board of Corrections Resolution Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Res 0820-2025 * Keith Powers Lauren Stossel, New York City Board of Corrections Resolution Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Res 0821-2025 * Keith Powers Patricia Marthone, New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation Resolution Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Res 0821-2025 * Keith Powers Patricia Marthone, New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation Resolution Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available M 0117-2025 * Public Advocate Jumaane Williams Leah Goodridge, City Planning Commission Communication Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available M 0117-2025 * Public Advocate Jumaane Williams Leah Goodridge, City Planning Commission Communication Approved by Committee with Companion Resolution Pass Action details Not available Res 0836-2025 * Adrienne E. Adams Preconsidered Authorizing the Speaker to take legal action on behalf of the Council of the City of New York to defend against the Adams Administration’s violation of Sanctuary City Laws and the Trump Administration’s attacks on the City of New York. Resolution Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Not available Res 0836-2025 * Adrienne E. Adams Authorizing the Speaker to take legal action on behalf of the Council of the City of New York to defend against the Adams Administration’s violation of Sanctuary City Laws and the Trump Administration’s attacks on the City of New York. Resolution P-C Item Approved by Comm Pass Action details Not available M 0119-2025 * Preconsidered Marc Landis - Democratic Elections Commissioner for New York County. Communication Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Not available M 0119-2025 * Marc Landis - Democratic Elections Commissioner for New York County. Communication P-C Item Approved by Committee with Companion Resolution Pass Action details Not available T2024-0001 * AND SUCH OTHER BUSINESS AS MAY BE NECESSARY N/A Action details Not available Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/10/2025 9:30 AM 4/10/2025 9:30 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Final Final  Meeting location: Meeting location: Committee Room - City Hall Committee Room - City Hall Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Minutes  Meeting video: Meeting video: Video Video  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (12) Meeting Items (12) Meeting Items (12) Meeting Items (12) 12 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 12 records 12 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available Res 0820-2025 * Keith Powers Lauren Stossel, New York City Board of Corrections Resolution Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Res 0820-2025 * Keith Powers Lauren Stossel, New York City Board of Corrections Resolution Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Res 0821-2025 * Keith Powers Patricia Marthone, New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation Resolution Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Res 0821-2025 * Keith Powers Patricia Marthone, New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation Resolution Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available M 0117-2025 * Public Advocate Jumaane Williams Leah Goodridge, City Planning Commission Communication Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available M 0117-2025 * Public Advocate Jumaane Williams Leah Goodridge, City Planning Commission Communication Approved by Committee with Companion Resolution Pass Action details Not available Res 0836-2025 * Adrienne E. Adams Preconsidered Authorizing the Speaker to take legal action on behalf of the Council of the City of New York to defend against the Adams Administration’s violation of Sanctuary City Laws and the Trump Administration’s attacks on the City of New York. Resolution Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Not available Res 0836-2025 * Adrienne E. Adams Authorizing the Speaker to take legal action on behalf of the Council of the City of New York to defend against the Adams Administration’s violation of Sanctuary City Laws and the Trump Administration’s attacks on the City of New York. Resolution P-C Item Approved by Comm Pass Action details Not available M 0119-2025 * Preconsidered Marc Landis - Democratic Elections Commissioner for New York County. Communication Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Not available M 0119-2025 * Marc Landis - Democratic Elections Commissioner for New York County. Communication P-C Item Approved by Committee with Companion Resolution Pass Action details Not available T2024-0001 * AND SUCH OTHER BUSINESS AS MAY BE NECESSARY N/A Action details Not available           Roll call Not available Not available Res 0820-2025 * Keith Powers   Lauren Stossel, New York City Board of Corrections Resolution  Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Res 0820-2025 * Keith Powers   Lauren Stossel, New York City Board of Corrections Resolution  Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Not available Res 0821-2025 * Keith Powers   Patricia Marthone, New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation Resolution  Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Res 0821-2025 * Keith Powers   Patricia Marthone, New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation Resolution  Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Not available M 0117-2025 * Public Advocate Jumaane Williams   Leah Goodridge, City Planning Commission Communication  Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available M 0117-2025 * Public Advocate Jumaane Williams   Leah Goodridge, City Planning Commission Communication  Approved by Committee with Companion Resolution Pass Action details Not available Not available Res 0836-2025 * Adrienne E. Adams  Preconsidered Authorizing the Speaker to take legal action on behalf of the Council of the City of New York to defend against the Adams Administration’s violation of Sanctuary City Laws and the Trump Administration’s attacks on the City of New York. Resolution  Hearing on P-C Item by Comm  Action details Not available Not available Res 0836-2025 * Adrienne E. Adams   Authorizing the Speaker to take legal action on behalf of the Council of the City of New York to defend against the Adams Administration’s violation of Sanctuary City Laws and the Trump Administration’s attacks on the City of New York. Resolution  P-C Item Approved by Comm Pass Action details Not available Not available M 0119-2025 *   Preconsidered Marc Landis - Democratic Elections Commissioner for New York County. Communication  Hearing on P-C Item by Comm  Action details Not available Not available M 0119-2025 *    Marc Landis - Democratic Elections Commissioner for New York County. Communication  P-C Item Approved by Committee with Companion Resolution Pass Action details Not available Not available T2024-0001 *    AND SUCH OTHER BUSINESS AS MAY BE NECESSARY N/A    Action details Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=M&ID=1293310&GUID=48332380-91F4-4F0C-B2C4-523668A300A5 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1302542&GUID=46EA0E6B-BBEB-4CBE-B792-6E7DADC28AA5 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1302719&GUID=40EE1E41-3559-4C79-BBE3-A103747A760F ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov#2025-04-02 ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## List View List View List View List View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Search: Search:  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive)  select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive) notes closed captions notes closed captions  *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. Help 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 845 records 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 City Council Stated Meeting 9/25/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 9/18/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 8/14/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 7/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/30/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 6/26/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Cooling centers. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/11/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/29/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Public Safety. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Safety Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/28/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Immigration 5/27/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Immigration Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Criminal Justice and the Committee on Immigration. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Criminal Justice 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Criminal Justice Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Health Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Hospitals Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Education. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Children and Youth Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on General Welfare. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on General Welfare 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - General Welfare Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 5/15/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Higher Education and the Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Higher Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Housing 5/14/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Housing Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Housing and Buildings and the Committee on Public Housing. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Housing and Buildings Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/13/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Parks and Recreation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Transportation and Infrastructure Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Parks and Recreation and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Aging 5/12/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Aging Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management and the Committee on Aging. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/6/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/1/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Establishing exemptions for third-party food delivery services from the limits on fees charged by such services on food service establishments. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Wildfire mitigation strategic planning report to mitigate wildfires in parks under the jurisdiction of the department of parks and recreation. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/1/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/1/2025   9:00 AM 9:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the department of education to report on school librarians and library access in New York city public schools. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/30/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Land Use 4/30/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Contracts 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Contracts Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Public Meeting Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 4/29/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Oversight - Removing Small Financial Barriers for CUNY Students. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Technology 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Veterans 4/28/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 4/24/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* New York City health care institutions to contract with industrial laundry companies that respect workers’ legal rights and adhere to area standards for wages and benefits. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Economic Development 4/24/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/24/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Veterans 4/23/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/23/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Land Use 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/17/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Women and Gender Equity. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil Service and Labor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Criminal Justice 4/16/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Aging 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with the Committee on Finance. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Immigration 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Immigration Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Housing 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Security Guards, Fire Guards, and NYCHA’s Oversight of Contractors. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video City Council Stated Meeting 4/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Technology 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the 311 customer service center to provide certain resources in response to tree pruning-related requests. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Fire and Emergency Management 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Flash flood preparedness outreach and evacuation guidance. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Long-term citywide bathroom strategy and to make other technical changes. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/10/2025   10:45 AM 10:45 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor VOTE* Prioritization of maintenance of trees adjacent to buildings and structures. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Safety 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/10/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/10/2025   9:30 AM 9:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video  previous day next day today Calendar Title and navigation Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << April 2025 S M T W T F S 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 April 2025   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30           Day Day Week Week Month Timeline Timeline Apr, 2025 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1302749&GUID=2D2F826D-449A-4F9D-86BF-2D9F4982BE65 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1289775&GUID=E7F28123-8397-4D85-AF29-1B08B5588131 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1302749&GUID=2D2F826D-449A-4F9D-86BF-2D9F4982BE65&Options=info|&Search= ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=M&ID=1289303&GUID=CF701F37-19DD-4B03-9725-2CFF856F3CF5 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1295399&GUID=84FA0D8F-E53C-42A1-AC9A-E5D45228AF05 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1302717&GUID=0354C81A-F27F-4330-9567-3C0667D53C9D&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Finance Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 5/23/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction. Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3465 * Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Oversight Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Finance Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 5/23/2025 10:00 AM 5/23/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction. Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction. Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 1 record 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3465 * Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Oversight Not available Not available T2025-3465 *    Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Oversight    Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1302699&GUID=B68C1BF9-996B-474D-ABEC-C0C70498BFA2 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1290363&GUID=9309997E-B812-4161-838F-26909CAB8DE3&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: City Council Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 9/18/2025 1:30 PM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: City Council Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 9/18/2025 1:30 PM 9/18/2025 1:30 PM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Council Chambers - City Hall Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments:   Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 1 record 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Not available Not available           Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1302875&GUID=6D28C892-DD01-4EFB-9228-CC0A52509F31&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Finance Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 5/15/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Higher Education and the Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation. Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3473 * Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Oversight Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Finance Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 5/15/2025 10:00 AM 5/15/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Higher Education and the Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation. Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Higher Education and the Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation. Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 1 record 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3473 * Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Oversight Not available Not available T2025-3473 *    Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Oversight    Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=M&ID=1294370&GUID=A9828DA5-B463-479D-A78B-0D6E593E4392 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov#2025-04-18 ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## List View List View List View List View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Search: Search:  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive)  select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive) notes closed captions notes closed captions  *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. Help 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 845 records 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 City Council Stated Meeting 9/25/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 9/18/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 8/14/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 7/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/30/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 6/26/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Cooling centers. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/11/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/29/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Public Safety. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Safety Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/28/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Immigration 5/27/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Immigration Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Criminal Justice and the Committee on Immigration. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Criminal Justice 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Criminal Justice Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Health Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Hospitals Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Education. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Children and Youth Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on General Welfare. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on General Welfare 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - General Welfare Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 5/15/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Higher Education and the Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Higher Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Housing 5/14/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Housing Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Housing and Buildings and the Committee on Public Housing. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Housing and Buildings Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/13/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Parks and Recreation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Transportation and Infrastructure Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Parks and Recreation and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Aging 5/12/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Aging Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management and the Committee on Aging. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/6/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/1/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Establishing exemptions for third-party food delivery services from the limits on fees charged by such services on food service establishments. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Wildfire mitigation strategic planning report to mitigate wildfires in parks under the jurisdiction of the department of parks and recreation. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/1/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/1/2025   9:00 AM 9:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the department of education to report on school librarians and library access in New York city public schools. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/30/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Land Use 4/30/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Contracts 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Contracts Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Public Meeting Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 4/29/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Oversight - Removing Small Financial Barriers for CUNY Students. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Technology 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Veterans 4/28/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 4/24/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* New York City health care institutions to contract with industrial laundry companies that respect workers’ legal rights and adhere to area standards for wages and benefits. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Economic Development 4/24/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/24/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Veterans 4/23/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/23/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Land Use 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/17/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Women and Gender Equity. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil Service and Labor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Criminal Justice 4/16/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Aging 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with the Committee on Finance. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Immigration 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Immigration Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Housing 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Security Guards, Fire Guards, and NYCHA’s Oversight of Contractors. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video City Council Stated Meeting 4/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Technology 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the 311 customer service center to provide certain resources in response to tree pruning-related requests. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Fire and Emergency Management 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Flash flood preparedness outreach and evacuation guidance. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Long-term citywide bathroom strategy and to make other technical changes. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/10/2025   10:45 AM 10:45 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor VOTE* Prioritization of maintenance of trees adjacent to buildings and structures. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Safety 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/10/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/10/2025   9:30 AM 9:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video  previous day next day today Calendar Title and navigation Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << April 2025 S M T W T F S 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 April 2025   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30           Day Day Week Week Month Timeline Timeline Apr, 2025 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1302686&GUID=F540F15B-5373-4035-8D9C-7568F9889D7F ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/Departments.aspx ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  Search Search Search Search Reports Reports Reports Reports Search: Type: select -Select- Caucus Charter Revision Commission 2019 Committee Delegations of the New York City Council Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Department Land Use Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform Primary Legislative Body Special Committee Subcommittee Task Force Search: Type:  select -Select- Caucus Charter Revision Commission 2019 Committee Delegations of the New York City Council Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Department Land Use Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform Primary Legislative Body Special Committee Subcommittee Task Force Help 50 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word View: Current Current Past All 50 records 50 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Meeting Location Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Meeting Location Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word View: Current Current Past All View: Current Current Current Past Past All All Department Name Type Meeting Location Members Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Delegations of the New York City Council Council Chambers - City Hall 10 Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council Delegations of the New York City Council Council Chambers - City Hall 15 Caucus - Common-Sense Caucus Caucus Council Chambers - City Hall 7 City Council Primary Legislative Body Council Chambers - City Hall 50 Committee of the Whole Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 49 Committee on Aging Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 7 Committee on Children and Youth Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 6 Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 5 Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 9 Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 7 Committee on Contracts Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 5 Committee on Criminal Justice Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 9 Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 9 Committee on Economic Development Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 7 Committee on Education Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 13 Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 9 Committee on Finance Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 17 Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 7 Committee on General Welfare Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 9 Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 9 Committee on Health Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 9 Committee on Higher Education Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 5 Committee on Hospitals Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 7 Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 7 Committee on Immigration Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 7 Committee on Land Use Land Use Council Chambers - City Hall 10 Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 8 Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 8 Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 8 Committee on Public Housing Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 9 Committee on Public Safety Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 11 Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 10 Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 11 Committee on Small Business Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 7 Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 5 Committee on Technology Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 5 Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 9 Committee on Veterans Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 5 Committee on Women and Gender Equity Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 5 Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Council Chambers - City Hall 44 Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Delegations of the New York City Council Council Chambers - City Hall 10 Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Committee Room - City Hall 5 Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Delegations of the New York City Council Council Chambers - City Hall 15 Staten Island Delegation of the New York City Council Delegations of the New York City Council Council Chambers - City Hall 2 Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee Council Chambers - City Hall 6 Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor 7 Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee Council Chambers - City Hall 5 Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Subcommittee 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor 7 Task Force to Combat Hate Task Force Council Chambers - City Hall 6 Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Task Force Committee Room - City Hall 1 Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Delegations of the New York City Council Council Chambers - City Hall 10 Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council Delegations of the New York City Council Council Chambers - City Hall 15 Caucus - Common-Sense Caucus Caucus Council Chambers - City Hall 7 City Council Primary Legislative Body Council Chambers - City Hall 50 Committee of the Whole Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 49 Committee on Aging Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 7 Committee on Children and Youth Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 6 Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 5 Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 9 Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 7 Committee on Contracts Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 5 Committee on Criminal Justice Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 9 Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 9 Committee on Economic Development Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 7 Committee on Education Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 13 Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 9 Committee on Finance Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 17 Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 7 Committee on General Welfare Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 9 Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 9 Committee on Health Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 9 Committee on Higher Education Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 5 Committee on Hospitals Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 7 Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 7 Committee on Immigration Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 7 Committee on Land Use Land Use Council Chambers - City Hall 10 Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 8 Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 8 Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 8 Committee on Public Housing Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 9 Committee on Public Safety Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 11 Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 10 Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 11 Committee on Small Business Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 7 Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 5 Committee on Technology Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 5 Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 9 Committee on Veterans Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 5 Committee on Women and Gender Equity Committee Council Chambers - City Hall 5 Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Council Chambers - City Hall 44 Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Delegations of the New York City Council Council Chambers - City Hall 10 Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Committee Room - City Hall 5 Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Delegations of the New York City Council Council Chambers - City Hall 15 Staten Island Delegation of the New York City Council Delegations of the New York City Council Council Chambers - City Hall 2 Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee Council Chambers - City Hall 6 Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor 7 Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee Council Chambers - City Hall 5 Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Subcommittee 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor 7 Task Force to Combat Hate Task Force Council Chambers - City Hall 6 Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Task Force Committee Room - City Hall 1  Committees and Council Members Committees and Council Members - Vacancies

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov#2025-04-29 ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## List View List View List View List View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Search: Search:  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive)  select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive) notes closed captions notes closed captions  *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. Help 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 845 records 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 City Council Stated Meeting 9/25/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 9/18/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 8/14/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 7/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/30/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 6/26/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Cooling centers. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/11/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/29/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Public Safety. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Safety Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/28/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Immigration 5/27/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Immigration Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Criminal Justice and the Committee on Immigration. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Criminal Justice 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Criminal Justice Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Health Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Hospitals Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Education. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Children and Youth Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on General Welfare. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on General Welfare 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - General Welfare Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 5/15/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Higher Education and the Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Higher Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Housing 5/14/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Housing Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Housing and Buildings and the Committee on Public Housing. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Housing and Buildings Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/13/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Parks and Recreation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Transportation and Infrastructure Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Parks and Recreation and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Aging 5/12/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Aging Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management and the Committee on Aging. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/6/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/1/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Establishing exemptions for third-party food delivery services from the limits on fees charged by such services on food service establishments. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Wildfire mitigation strategic planning report to mitigate wildfires in parks under the jurisdiction of the department of parks and recreation. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/1/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/1/2025   9:00 AM 9:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the department of education to report on school librarians and library access in New York city public schools. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/30/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Land Use 4/30/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Contracts 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Contracts Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Public Meeting Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 4/29/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Oversight - Removing Small Financial Barriers for CUNY Students. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Technology 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Veterans 4/28/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 4/24/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* New York City health care institutions to contract with industrial laundry companies that respect workers’ legal rights and adhere to area standards for wages and benefits. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Economic Development 4/24/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/24/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Veterans 4/23/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/23/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Land Use 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/17/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Women and Gender Equity. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil Service and Labor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Criminal Justice 4/16/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Aging 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with the Committee on Finance. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Immigration 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Immigration Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Housing 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Security Guards, Fire Guards, and NYCHA’s Oversight of Contractors. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video City Council Stated Meeting 4/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Technology 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the 311 customer service center to provide certain resources in response to tree pruning-related requests. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Fire and Emergency Management 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Flash flood preparedness outreach and evacuation guidance. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Long-term citywide bathroom strategy and to make other technical changes. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/10/2025   10:45 AM 10:45 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor VOTE* Prioritization of maintenance of trees adjacent to buildings and structures. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Safety 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/10/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/10/2025   9:30 AM 9:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video  previous day next day today Calendar Title and navigation Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << April 2025 S M T W T F S 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 April 2025   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30           Day Day Week Week Month Timeline Timeline Apr, 2025 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1302726&GUID=F5E4086F-267F-497C-B149-9990BC726522&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Criminal Justice Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 5/27/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3468 * Executive Budget Hearings - Criminal Justice Oversight Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Criminal Justice Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 5/27/2025 10:00 AM 5/27/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 1 record 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3468 * Executive Budget Hearings - Criminal Justice Oversight Not available Not available T2025-3468 *    Executive Budget Hearings - Criminal Justice Oversight    Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1287177&GUID=86494074-743E-484D-BAF5-1A8AE83AFFEE ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1290128&GUID=1D31A104-C57D-4163-B478-581C84CC0410 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1302692&GUID=C02A9B09-AD3F-456C-8D6A-29B9836FEDD8 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1294313&GUID=28F06340-D8E8-4A9A-A1F1-3890C41961BF ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1294065&GUID=EC6AF847-795D-4372-8DC5-94A5E3BE8A85&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 5/6/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (5) 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3372 * Oversight - Street Vending Enforcement and the Issuance of Licenses Pursuant to Local Law 18 of 2021. Oversight Not available Not available Int 0408-2024 * Public Advocate Jumaane Williams Creating a division within the department of small business services to assist street vendors and requiring the commissioner of small business services to update the department’s programs to facilitate street vendor access. Introduction This bill would create a Division of Street Vendor Assistance within the Department of Small Business Services (SBS) to assist street vendors. The Division would have to recommend SBS programs that street vendors be permitted to access and the removal or adjustment of administrative requirements for SBS programs to the Commissioner. The Commissioner would be required to update SBS programs based on the Division’s recommendations unless doing so would be prohibited by law or would not be consistent with the purposes of the programs. The Division would also be required to offer training and education and to conduct outreach to street vendors. Further, the Commissioner would be required to annually submit to the Speaker and the Mayor, and publish on the SBS website, a report on the updating of SBS programs based on the Division’s recommendations and a report on the Division’s assistance of street vendors. Not available Not available Int 0431-2024 * Pierina Ana Sanchez Ensuring business licensing and regulatory compliance of all mobile food and general vendors. Introduction This bill would increase the number of food vendor supervisory licenses and general vendor licenses available each year for five years, and then it would lift the cap on food vendor supervisory licenses and general vendor licenses. This bill would also expand training to include information related to the particular vending restrictions of the license holder. Not available Not available Int 1164-2025 * Joann Ariola Requiring an interagency portal to track street vending enforcement. Introduction This bill would require the Office of Street Vendor Enforcement (OSVE) to create a portal that would allow all agencies enforcing street vending laws and regulations to share enforcement-related information. OSVE would also ensure that each enforcing agency has the capability to verify the authenticity of vendor licenses. Not available Not available Int 1251-2025 * Amanda Farías Issuing supervisory licenses to mobile food vendors. Introduction Pursuant to Local Law 18 of 2021, the Department of Health and Mental Hygiene must make 445 supervisory license applications available to prospective mobile food vendors every year within a ten year period from 2022 through 2032. However, not every license application results in a license issued, which means that there may be less than 445 supervisory licenses issued in a given year.
This bill would authorize the department to issue more than 445 license applications each year, so that up to 445 supervisory licenses are issued every twelve months, and up to 4,445 supervisory licenses are issued by July 1, 2032. Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 5/6/2025 10:00 AM 5/6/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Council Chambers - City Hall Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (5) Meeting Items (5) Meeting Items (5) Meeting Items (5) 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 5 records 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3372 * Oversight - Street Vending Enforcement and the Issuance of Licenses Pursuant to Local Law 18 of 2021. Oversight Not available Not available Int 0408-2024 * Public Advocate Jumaane Williams Creating a division within the department of small business services to assist street vendors and requiring the commissioner of small business services to update the department’s programs to facilitate street vendor access. Introduction This bill would create a Division of Street Vendor Assistance within the Department of Small Business Services (SBS) to assist street vendors. The Division would have to recommend SBS programs that street vendors be permitted to access and the removal or adjustment of administrative requirements for SBS programs to the Commissioner. The Commissioner would be required to update SBS programs based on the Division’s recommendations unless doing so would be prohibited by law or would not be consistent with the purposes of the programs. The Division would also be required to offer training and education and to conduct outreach to street vendors. Further, the Commissioner would be required to annually submit to the Speaker and the Mayor, and publish on the SBS website, a report on the updating of SBS programs based on the Division’s recommendations and a report on the Division’s assistance of street vendors. Not available Not available Int 0431-2024 * Pierina Ana Sanchez Ensuring business licensing and regulatory compliance of all mobile food and general vendors. Introduction This bill would increase the number of food vendor supervisory licenses and general vendor licenses available each year for five years, and then it would lift the cap on food vendor supervisory licenses and general vendor licenses. This bill would also expand training to include information related to the particular vending restrictions of the license holder. Not available Not available Int 1164-2025 * Joann Ariola Requiring an interagency portal to track street vending enforcement. Introduction This bill would require the Office of Street Vendor Enforcement (OSVE) to create a portal that would allow all agencies enforcing street vending laws and regulations to share enforcement-related information. OSVE would also ensure that each enforcing agency has the capability to verify the authenticity of vendor licenses. Not available Not available Int 1251-2025 * Amanda Farías Issuing supervisory licenses to mobile food vendors. Introduction Pursuant to Local Law 18 of 2021, the Department of Health and Mental Hygiene must make 445 supervisory license applications available to prospective mobile food vendors every year within a ten year period from 2022 through 2032. However, not every license application results in a license issued, which means that there may be less than 445 supervisory licenses issued in a given year.
This bill would authorize the department to issue more than 445 license applications each year, so that up to 445 supervisory licenses are issued every twelve months, and up to 4,445 supervisory licenses are issued by July 1, 2032. Not available Not available T2025-3372 *    Oversight - Street Vending Enforcement and the Issuance of Licenses Pursuant to Local Law 18 of 2021. Oversight    Not available Not available Not available Int 0408-2024 * Public Advocate Jumaane Williams   Creating a division within the department of small business services to assist street vendors and requiring the commissioner of small business services to update the department’s programs to facilitate street vendor access. Introduction This bill would create a Division of Street Vendor Assistance within the Department of Small Business Services (SBS) to assist street vendors. The Division would have to recommend SBS programs that street vendors be permitted to access and the removal or adjustment of administrative requirements for SBS programs to the Commissioner. The Commissioner would be required to update SBS programs based on the Division’s recommendations unless doing so would be prohibited by law or would not be consistent with the purposes of the programs. The Division would also be required to offer training and education and to conduct outreach to street vendors. Further, the Commissioner would be required to annually submit to the Speaker and the Mayor, and publish on the SBS website, a report on the updating of SBS programs based on the Division’s recommendations and a report on the Division’s assistance of street vendors.   Not available Not available Not available Int 0431-2024 * Pierina Ana Sanchez   Ensuring business licensing and regulatory compliance of all mobile food and general vendors. Introduction This bill would increase the number of food vendor supervisory licenses and general vendor licenses available each year for five years, and then it would lift the cap on food vendor supervisory licenses and general vendor licenses. This bill would also expand training to include information related to the particular vending restrictions of the license holder.   Not available Not available Not available Int 1164-2025 * Joann Ariola   Requiring an interagency portal to track street vending enforcement. Introduction This bill would require the Office of Street Vendor Enforcement (OSVE) to create a portal that would allow all agencies enforcing street vending laws and regulations to share enforcement-related information. OSVE would also ensure that each enforcing agency has the capability to verify the authenticity of vendor licenses.   Not available Not available Not available Int 1251-2025 * Amanda Farías   Issuing supervisory licenses to mobile food vendors. Introduction Pursuant to Local Law 18 of 2021, the Department of Health and Mental Hygiene must make 445 supervisory license applications available to prospective mobile food vendors every year within a ten year period from 2022 through 2032. However, not every license application results in a license issued, which means that there may be less than 445 supervisory licenses issued in a given year.
This bill would authorize the department to issue more than 445 license applications each year, so that up to 445 supervisory licenses are issued every twelve months, and up to 4,445 supervisory licenses are issued by July 1, 2032.   Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/Help.aspx?M=C ---
Search
                Help Search
                Help Search
                Help Fields Searched Fields Searched Fields Searched 1. Name. 2. Date. 3. Time. 4. Location/Comments. 5. Action Notes*. *Requires the notes checkbox to be checked. 1. Name. 2. Date. 3. Time. 4. Location/Comments. 5. Action Notes*. *Requires the notes checkbox to be checked. Search Terms Search Terms Single word - entering a single word in the search field will return
            any records with that word. Example: finance Returns: all items with the word "finance" Multiple words - entering multiple words without using logic control
            words will return records that contain all of the words. Example: public safety Returns: only items that contain each of the words "public" and "safety" Multiple words (with quotes) - entering multiple words enclosed
            in double quotes will retrieve items with those exact words or phrase exactly as
            entered. Example: "city council" Returns: only items that contain the exact phrase "city council" Wildcard (asterisk) - entering a word followed by an asterisk (wildcard)
            will return records that contain that word or words that have more letters wherever
            the asterisk is placed. Example: license* Returns: only items with the word "license" in them, or variations like "licenses" Logic Control Words Logic Control Words OR - search supports the logical "OR" operator. This will search
            for records that contain either one or both of the search terms on either side of
            the logic control word. Example: planning or zoning Returns: all records that contain just the word "planning" or just the word "zoning"
            or records that contain both AND NOT - search supports the logical "AND NOT" operator. This
            will search for all records that, within each single field, contain the first search
            term, but excludes any items that contain the second search term. Example: public and not housing Returns: any records that contain the word "public" but do not include the word
            "housing", within each single field Tips & Tricks Tips & Tricks Search supports providing a date in order to search just the meeting dates. Example: 6/29/09 Search supports limiting the results to a specific period. Example: pick This Month in the listing of time periods *Note - special characters (!, #, %, etc.) aren’t searchable by text searches.

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1290017&GUID=55376CFD-529D-4839-B1A3-62A486F254F4 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1302726&GUID=F5E4086F-267F-497C-B149-9990BC726522 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1290716&GUID=03D77173-367E-48CB-9079-9A70FF3B66F4 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1295396&GUID=7B3A3A82-C71A-4AFF-991B-287C27A6EE16 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1294720&GUID=C8B09A76-7844-4266-9433-1F6E068B8986 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1302716&GUID=87BFB88A-A4C4-495C-9881-B00D0AE60E1F ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1302355&GUID=ACF09643-49E2-4AD9-8EC5-76D8B60A7AB0 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=M&ID=1283805&GUID=19AA12C1-995E-47D4-98B9-01DC3F1803A8 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1283804&GUID=5F14FA65-A2EF-4DFC-AB50-047ADCCFB9B0&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Meeting Name: Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 4/23/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Final Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Minutes Meeting video: Video Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (7) 7 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available T2025-3181 * Oversight - Dining Out NYC program. Oversight Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available T2025-3181 * Oversight - Dining Out NYC program. Oversight Filed, by Committee Action details Not available Int 0857-2024 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Proposed Int. No. 857-A Towing vehicles that are an encumbrance on the street. Introduction This bill would require that the Department of Sanitation remove certain vehicles that are an encumbrance on the street within 72 hours after receiving notice of the encumbrance. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0857-2024 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Towing vehicles that are an encumbrance on the street. Introduction This bill would require that the Department of Sanitation remove certain vehicles that are an encumbrance on the street within 72 hours after receiving notice of the encumbrance. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 0857-2024 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Towing vehicles that are an encumbrance on the street. Introduction This bill would require that the Department of Sanitation remove certain vehicles that are an encumbrance on the street within 72 hours after receiving notice of the encumbrance. Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Not available Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/23/2025 10:00 AM 4/23/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Final Final  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Minutes  Meeting video: Meeting video: Video Video  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (7) Meeting Items (7) Meeting Items (7) Meeting Items (7) 7 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 7 records 7 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available T2025-3181 * Oversight - Dining Out NYC program. Oversight Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available T2025-3181 * Oversight - Dining Out NYC program. Oversight Filed, by Committee Action details Not available Int 0857-2024 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Proposed Int. No. 857-A Towing vehicles that are an encumbrance on the street. Introduction This bill would require that the Department of Sanitation remove certain vehicles that are an encumbrance on the street within 72 hours after receiving notice of the encumbrance. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0857-2024 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Towing vehicles that are an encumbrance on the street. Introduction This bill would require that the Department of Sanitation remove certain vehicles that are an encumbrance on the street within 72 hours after receiving notice of the encumbrance. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 0857-2024 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Towing vehicles that are an encumbrance on the street. Introduction This bill would require that the Department of Sanitation remove certain vehicles that are an encumbrance on the street within 72 hours after receiving notice of the encumbrance. Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Not available           Roll call Not available Not available T2025-3181 *    Oversight - Dining Out NYC program. Oversight  Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available T2025-3181 *    Oversight - Dining Out NYC program. Oversight  Filed, by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0857-2024 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr.  Proposed Int. No. 857-A Towing vehicles that are an encumbrance on the street. Introduction This bill would require that the Department of Sanitation remove certain vehicles that are an encumbrance on the street within 72 hours after receiving notice of the encumbrance. Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0857-2024 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr.   Towing vehicles that are an encumbrance on the street. Introduction This bill would require that the Department of Sanitation remove certain vehicles that are an encumbrance on the street within 72 hours after receiving notice of the encumbrance. Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Not available Not available Int 0857-2024 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr.   Towing vehicles that are an encumbrance on the street. Introduction This bill would require that the Department of Sanitation remove certain vehicles that are an encumbrance on the street within 72 hours after receiving notice of the encumbrance. Laid Over by Committee  Action details Not available Not available            Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=M&ID=1293554&GUID=538D7397-1EB5-4382-9ADE-F2B8056B228F ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1303216&GUID=50F54C57-5934-4406-9A30-D2F28C0CE787 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1302696&GUID=F66BB1CD-D7B5-4192-BD5C-AEA127B927D3 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1302717&GUID=0354C81A-F27F-4330-9567-3C0667D53C9D ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1302878&GUID=08B18AB1-06FE-4043-A10B-C3B5CE8791E2 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1294261&GUID=3EBA43BB-48B4-4A89-9EA0-F957139731B5 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=M&ID=1294313&GUID=28F06340-D8E8-4A9A-A1F1-3890C41961BF ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1303172&GUID=99772455-6FA9-439F-9CEA-E99BA6605FC4 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1302854&GUID=9E96EC55-D70C-4F80-A95D-24532286B414 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1293310&GUID=48332380-91F4-4F0C-B2C4-523668A300A5 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=M&ID=1283467&GUID=F8227367-4CAF-4260-8F65-0390DF827992 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1287870&GUID=F1D0ADDC-5DAB-4F25-83FF-CF72EE25A370 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=M&ID=1293477&GUID=45D397B5-BD64-4295-B4AD-F6164A80B14D ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1289303&GUID=CF701F37-19DD-4B03-9725-2CFF856F3CF5 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1282088&GUID=E2824A75-A403-4676-B229-C4ACA0808726 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1289775&GUID=E7F28123-8397-4D85-AF29-1B08B5588131 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1294262&GUID=0CC16764-030D-4D96-97A8-6894909A5B7E&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Meeting Name: Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 4/10/2025 11:00 AM Minutes status: Final Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Minutes Meeting video: Video Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (5) 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available Int 0807-2024 * Selvena N. Brooks-Powers Proposed ?Int. No. 807-A Flash flood preparedness outreach and evacuation guidance. Introduction This bill would require New York City Emergency Management (NYCEM) to disseminate localized emergency preparedness materials in locations that are prone to flash floods, in order to increase public awareness as to the appropriate responses by members of the public to flash flood risks and to increase registration for an emergency notification system. Such efforts would involve outreach conduct in-person and via mass mailings, and target locations selected with consideration of: (i) a history of flash flood events; and (iii) the prevalence of subgrade dwellings. Additionally, NYCEM would be required to develop guidance for facilitating safe evacuation before flash flood emergencies. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0807-2024 * Selvena N. Brooks-Powers Flash flood preparedness outreach and evacuation guidance. Introduction This bill would require New York City Emergency Management (NYCEM) to disseminate localized emergency preparedness materials in locations that are prone to flash floods, in order to increase public awareness as to the appropriate responses by members of the public to flash flood risks and to increase registration for an emergency notification system. Such efforts would involve outreach conduct in-person and via mass mailings, and target locations selected with consideration of: (i) a history of flash flood events; and (iii) the prevalence of subgrade dwellings. Additionally, NYCEM would be required to develop guidance for facilitating safe evacuation before flash flood emergencies. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 0807-2024 * Selvena N. Brooks-Powers Flash flood preparedness outreach and evacuation guidance. Introduction This bill would require New York City Emergency Management (NYCEM) to disseminate localized emergency preparedness materials in locations that are prone to flash floods, in order to increase public awareness as to the appropriate responses by members of the public to flash flood risks and to increase registration for an emergency notification system. Such efforts would involve outreach conduct in-person and via mass mailings, and target locations selected with consideration of: (i) a history of flash flood events; and (iii) the prevalence of subgrade dwellings. Additionally, NYCEM would be required to develop guidance for facilitating safe evacuation before flash flood emergencies. Amended by Committee Action details Not available Int 0807-2024 A Selvena N. Brooks-Powers Flash flood preparedness outreach and evacuation guidance. Introduction This bill would require New York City Emergency Management (NYCEM) to disseminate localized emergency preparedness materials in locations that are prone to flash floods, in order to increase public awareness as to the appropriate responses by members of the public to flash flood risks and to increase registration for an emergency notification system. Such efforts would involve outreach conduct in-person and via mass mailings, and target locations selected with consideration of: (i) a history of flash flood events; and (iii) the prevalence of subgrade dwellings. Additionally, NYCEM would be required to develop guidance for facilitating safe evacuation before flash flood emergencies. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/10/2025 11:00 AM 4/10/2025 11:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Final Final  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Minutes  Meeting video: Meeting video: Video Video  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (5) Meeting Items (5) Meeting Items (5) Meeting Items (5) 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 5 records 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available Int 0807-2024 * Selvena N. Brooks-Powers Proposed ?Int. No. 807-A Flash flood preparedness outreach and evacuation guidance. Introduction This bill would require New York City Emergency Management (NYCEM) to disseminate localized emergency preparedness materials in locations that are prone to flash floods, in order to increase public awareness as to the appropriate responses by members of the public to flash flood risks and to increase registration for an emergency notification system. Such efforts would involve outreach conduct in-person and via mass mailings, and target locations selected with consideration of: (i) a history of flash flood events; and (iii) the prevalence of subgrade dwellings. Additionally, NYCEM would be required to develop guidance for facilitating safe evacuation before flash flood emergencies. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0807-2024 * Selvena N. Brooks-Powers Flash flood preparedness outreach and evacuation guidance. Introduction This bill would require New York City Emergency Management (NYCEM) to disseminate localized emergency preparedness materials in locations that are prone to flash floods, in order to increase public awareness as to the appropriate responses by members of the public to flash flood risks and to increase registration for an emergency notification system. Such efforts would involve outreach conduct in-person and via mass mailings, and target locations selected with consideration of: (i) a history of flash flood events; and (iii) the prevalence of subgrade dwellings. Additionally, NYCEM would be required to develop guidance for facilitating safe evacuation before flash flood emergencies. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 0807-2024 * Selvena N. Brooks-Powers Flash flood preparedness outreach and evacuation guidance. Introduction This bill would require New York City Emergency Management (NYCEM) to disseminate localized emergency preparedness materials in locations that are prone to flash floods, in order to increase public awareness as to the appropriate responses by members of the public to flash flood risks and to increase registration for an emergency notification system. Such efforts would involve outreach conduct in-person and via mass mailings, and target locations selected with consideration of: (i) a history of flash flood events; and (iii) the prevalence of subgrade dwellings. Additionally, NYCEM would be required to develop guidance for facilitating safe evacuation before flash flood emergencies. Amended by Committee Action details Not available Int 0807-2024 A Selvena N. Brooks-Powers Flash flood preparedness outreach and evacuation guidance. Introduction This bill would require New York City Emergency Management (NYCEM) to disseminate localized emergency preparedness materials in locations that are prone to flash floods, in order to increase public awareness as to the appropriate responses by members of the public to flash flood risks and to increase registration for an emergency notification system. Such efforts would involve outreach conduct in-person and via mass mailings, and target locations selected with consideration of: (i) a history of flash flood events; and (iii) the prevalence of subgrade dwellings. Additionally, NYCEM would be required to develop guidance for facilitating safe evacuation before flash flood emergencies. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available           Roll call Not available Not available Int 0807-2024 * Selvena N. Brooks-Powers  Proposed ?Int. No. 807-A Flash flood preparedness outreach and evacuation guidance. Introduction This bill would require New York City Emergency Management (NYCEM) to disseminate localized emergency preparedness materials in locations that are prone to flash floods, in order to increase public awareness as to the appropriate responses by members of the public to flash flood risks and to increase registration for an emergency notification system. Such efforts would involve outreach conduct in-person and via mass mailings, and target locations selected with consideration of: (i) a history of flash flood events; and (iii) the prevalence of subgrade dwellings. Additionally, NYCEM would be required to develop guidance for facilitating safe evacuation before flash flood emergencies. Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0807-2024 * Selvena N. Brooks-Powers   Flash flood preparedness outreach and evacuation guidance. Introduction This bill would require New York City Emergency Management (NYCEM) to disseminate localized emergency preparedness materials in locations that are prone to flash floods, in order to increase public awareness as to the appropriate responses by members of the public to flash flood risks and to increase registration for an emergency notification system. Such efforts would involve outreach conduct in-person and via mass mailings, and target locations selected with consideration of: (i) a history of flash flood events; and (iii) the prevalence of subgrade dwellings. Additionally, NYCEM would be required to develop guidance for facilitating safe evacuation before flash flood emergencies. Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Not available Not available Int 0807-2024 * Selvena N. Brooks-Powers   Flash flood preparedness outreach and evacuation guidance. Introduction This bill would require New York City Emergency Management (NYCEM) to disseminate localized emergency preparedness materials in locations that are prone to flash floods, in order to increase public awareness as to the appropriate responses by members of the public to flash flood risks and to increase registration for an emergency notification system. Such efforts would involve outreach conduct in-person and via mass mailings, and target locations selected with consideration of: (i) a history of flash flood events; and (iii) the prevalence of subgrade dwellings. Additionally, NYCEM would be required to develop guidance for facilitating safe evacuation before flash flood emergencies. Amended by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0807-2024 A Selvena N. Brooks-Powers   Flash flood preparedness outreach and evacuation guidance. Introduction This bill would require New York City Emergency Management (NYCEM) to disseminate localized emergency preparedness materials in locations that are prone to flash floods, in order to increase public awareness as to the appropriate responses by members of the public to flash flood risks and to increase registration for an emergency notification system. Such efforts would involve outreach conduct in-person and via mass mailings, and target locations selected with consideration of: (i) a history of flash flood events; and (iii) the prevalence of subgrade dwellings. Additionally, NYCEM would be required to develop guidance for facilitating safe evacuation before flash flood emergencies. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov#2025-04-10 ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## List View List View List View List View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Search: Search:  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive)  select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive) notes closed captions notes closed captions  *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. Help 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 845 records 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 City Council Stated Meeting 9/25/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 9/18/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 8/14/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 7/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/30/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 6/26/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Cooling centers. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/11/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/29/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Public Safety. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Safety Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/28/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Immigration 5/27/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Immigration Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Criminal Justice and the Committee on Immigration. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Criminal Justice 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Criminal Justice Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Health Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Hospitals Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Education. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Children and Youth Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on General Welfare. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on General Welfare 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - General Welfare Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 5/15/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Higher Education and the Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Higher Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Housing 5/14/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Housing Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Housing and Buildings and the Committee on Public Housing. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Housing and Buildings Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/13/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Parks and Recreation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Transportation and Infrastructure Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Parks and Recreation and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Aging 5/12/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Aging Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management and the Committee on Aging. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/6/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/1/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Establishing exemptions for third-party food delivery services from the limits on fees charged by such services on food service establishments. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Wildfire mitigation strategic planning report to mitigate wildfires in parks under the jurisdiction of the department of parks and recreation. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/1/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/1/2025   9:00 AM 9:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the department of education to report on school librarians and library access in New York city public schools. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/30/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Land Use 4/30/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Contracts 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Contracts Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Public Meeting Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 4/29/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Oversight - Removing Small Financial Barriers for CUNY Students. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Technology 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Veterans 4/28/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 4/24/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* New York City health care institutions to contract with industrial laundry companies that respect workers’ legal rights and adhere to area standards for wages and benefits. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Economic Development 4/24/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/24/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Veterans 4/23/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/23/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Land Use 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/17/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Women and Gender Equity. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil Service and Labor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Criminal Justice 4/16/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Aging 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with the Committee on Finance. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Immigration 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Immigration Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Housing 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Security Guards, Fire Guards, and NYCHA’s Oversight of Contractors. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video City Council Stated Meeting 4/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Technology 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the 311 customer service center to provide certain resources in response to tree pruning-related requests. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Fire and Emergency Management 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Flash flood preparedness outreach and evacuation guidance. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Long-term citywide bathroom strategy and to make other technical changes. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/10/2025   10:45 AM 10:45 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor VOTE* Prioritization of maintenance of trees adjacent to buildings and structures. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Safety 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/10/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/10/2025   9:30 AM 9:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video  previous day next day today Calendar Title and navigation Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << April 2025 S M T W T F S 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 April 2025   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30           Day Day Week Week Month Timeline Timeline Apr, 2025 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1277290&GUID=6CD32C46-756D-404B-8CF3-AD7375D3BE5B ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1302729&GUID=38480234-CCBD-4C4B-BB35-54762195FD53 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov#2025-04-04 ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## List View List View List View List View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Search: Search:  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive)  select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive) notes closed captions notes closed captions  *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. Help 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 845 records 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 City Council Stated Meeting 9/25/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 9/18/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 8/14/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 7/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/30/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 6/26/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Cooling centers. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/11/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/29/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Public Safety. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Safety Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/28/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Immigration 5/27/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Immigration Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Criminal Justice and the Committee on Immigration. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Criminal Justice 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Criminal Justice Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Health Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Hospitals Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Education. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Children and Youth Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on General Welfare. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on General Welfare 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - General Welfare Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 5/15/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Higher Education and the Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Higher Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Housing 5/14/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Housing Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Housing and Buildings and the Committee on Public Housing. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Housing and Buildings Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/13/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Parks and Recreation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Transportation and Infrastructure Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Parks and Recreation and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Aging 5/12/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Aging Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management and the Committee on Aging. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/6/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/1/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Establishing exemptions for third-party food delivery services from the limits on fees charged by such services on food service establishments. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Wildfire mitigation strategic planning report to mitigate wildfires in parks under the jurisdiction of the department of parks and recreation. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/1/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/1/2025   9:00 AM 9:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the department of education to report on school librarians and library access in New York city public schools. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/30/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Land Use 4/30/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Contracts 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Contracts Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Public Meeting Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 4/29/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Oversight - Removing Small Financial Barriers for CUNY Students. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Technology 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Veterans 4/28/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 4/24/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* New York City health care institutions to contract with industrial laundry companies that respect workers’ legal rights and adhere to area standards for wages and benefits. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Economic Development 4/24/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/24/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Veterans 4/23/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/23/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Land Use 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/17/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Women and Gender Equity. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil Service and Labor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Criminal Justice 4/16/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Aging 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with the Committee on Finance. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Immigration 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Immigration Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Housing 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Security Guards, Fire Guards, and NYCHA’s Oversight of Contractors. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video City Council Stated Meeting 4/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Technology 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the 311 customer service center to provide certain resources in response to tree pruning-related requests. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Fire and Emergency Management 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Flash flood preparedness outreach and evacuation guidance. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Long-term citywide bathroom strategy and to make other technical changes. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/10/2025   10:45 AM 10:45 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor VOTE* Prioritization of maintenance of trees adjacent to buildings and structures. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Safety 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/10/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/10/2025   9:30 AM 9:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video  previous day next day today Calendar Title and navigation Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << April 2025 S M T W T F S 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 April 2025   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30           Day Day Week Week Month Timeline Timeline Apr, 2025 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1302482&GUID=FE9AC282-C4B7-4D0C-ABAA-3DE48454873D ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1290363&GUID=9309997E-B812-4161-838F-26909CAB8DE3 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1302701&GUID=0B2A205F-FDB7-436C-A61E-759531CD2603 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1294262&GUID=0CC16764-030D-4D96-97A8-6894909A5B7E ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1291009&GUID=103599E6-9841-42F9-80DA-175CE33DC67A&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Technology Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 4/29/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Committee Room - City Hall Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (7) 7 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3320 * Oversight - Evaluating the City's plan to Connect All New Yorkers to Internet. Oversight Not available Not available Int 0198-2024 * Jennifer Gutiérrez Reporting on discounted internet service program utilization rates and improving outreach to eligible households. Introduction This bill would require the Commissioner of Information Technology and Telecommunications to report to the Mayor and the Council on the number and the general geographical distribution of households that are eligible for the City’s discounted internet service program. Based on the report, the Commissioner would be required to formulate and execute a plan to increase awareness of the program and its utilization. Not available Not available Int 0481-2024 * Julie Won Information on affordable internet programs and community-based internet services. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Information Technology and Telecommunications (DOITT) to provide information on discounted internet services and community-based internet services to community-based organizations (CBO). DOITT would be required to create written materials containing information on such internet services, including eligibility and how to apply for such internet services, and to provide such materials electronically and in hard copy to CBOs. DOITT would also be required to post such information on its website. Not available Not available Int 0483-2024 * Julie Won Program to provide public access to wireless networks. Introduction This bill would require the Office of Operations (OPS), the Office of Cyber Command (NYC3) and the Department of Information Technology and Telecommunications (DOITT) to establish a program for city agencies to provide Wi-Fi to the public. OPS, NYC3 and DOITT would be required to submit a report identifying the city agencies that are able to provide public access to existing secure wireless networks being used by such agencies. City agencies identified in the report would be required to submit a plan to OPS, NYC3 and DOITT to provide public access to secure wireless networks. Subsequently, such city agencies would be required to implement such plans to provide public access to Wi-Fi, and set up a publicly accessible space for individuals to access such Wi-Fi. Finally, the bill disclaims any liability on the part of the City for any damages incurred though the use of Wi-Fi provided pursuant to this bill. Not available Not available Int 0486-2024 * Julie Won Information on affordable internet programs for students and families. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Information Technology and Telecommunications (DOITT) to develop written materials containing information on affordable internet programs available to students and families in the City. DOITT would be required to provide such written materials to the Department of Education (DOE) to be distributed to students at every school at the beginning of each academic year. DOITT, in coordination with DOE, would be required to provide assistance with applying for affordable internet programs at every school. DOITT would be required to post the information contained in the written materials on its website.  DOITT would also be required to annually report on the distribution of the written materials and assistance provided to families at every school, including any issues with such distribution or assistance. Not available Not available Int 0878-2024 * Robert F. Holden Establishing a cable franchise agreements website. Introduction The proposed legislation would require the Department of Information Technology and Telecommunications (Department) to create and maintain an online portal containing information related to franchise agreements for the provision of cable television services. The Department would be required to update information contained in the portal every year. Not available Not available Int 1122-2024 * Jennifer Gutiérrez Plan for expanding home access to broadband internet. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Information Technology and Telecommunications (DOITT) to develop and publish on their website a plan for the City to achieve universal, affordable, and equitable access to internet in homes throughout the City. The plan would need to be updated every 5 years, and would address how the City will build out the necessary infrastructure and work with internet service providers to facilitate the provision of low-cost internet throughout the City, prioritizing access for underserved areas. This bill would also create an internet advisory board, which would be responsible for reviewing previously published plans, and making recommendations for policy related to internet access and infrastructure needs in the city and improvements to the plan. DOITT would also be required to post online an annual report that details any progress made in implementing the plan. Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Technology Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/29/2025 10:00 AM 4/29/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Committee Room - City Hall Committee Room - City Hall Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (7) Meeting Items (7) Meeting Items (7) Meeting Items (7) 7 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 7 records 7 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3320 * Oversight - Evaluating the City's plan to Connect All New Yorkers to Internet. Oversight Not available Not available Int 0198-2024 * Jennifer Gutiérrez Reporting on discounted internet service program utilization rates and improving outreach to eligible households. Introduction This bill would require the Commissioner of Information Technology and Telecommunications to report to the Mayor and the Council on the number and the general geographical distribution of households that are eligible for the City’s discounted internet service program. Based on the report, the Commissioner would be required to formulate and execute a plan to increase awareness of the program and its utilization. Not available Not available Int 0481-2024 * Julie Won Information on affordable internet programs and community-based internet services. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Information Technology and Telecommunications (DOITT) to provide information on discounted internet services and community-based internet services to community-based organizations (CBO). DOITT would be required to create written materials containing information on such internet services, including eligibility and how to apply for such internet services, and to provide such materials electronically and in hard copy to CBOs. DOITT would also be required to post such information on its website. Not available Not available Int 0483-2024 * Julie Won Program to provide public access to wireless networks. Introduction This bill would require the Office of Operations (OPS), the Office of Cyber Command (NYC3) and the Department of Information Technology and Telecommunications (DOITT) to establish a program for city agencies to provide Wi-Fi to the public. OPS, NYC3 and DOITT would be required to submit a report identifying the city agencies that are able to provide public access to existing secure wireless networks being used by such agencies. City agencies identified in the report would be required to submit a plan to OPS, NYC3 and DOITT to provide public access to secure wireless networks. Subsequently, such city agencies would be required to implement such plans to provide public access to Wi-Fi, and set up a publicly accessible space for individuals to access such Wi-Fi. Finally, the bill disclaims any liability on the part of the City for any damages incurred though the use of Wi-Fi provided pursuant to this bill. Not available Not available Int 0486-2024 * Julie Won Information on affordable internet programs for students and families. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Information Technology and Telecommunications (DOITT) to develop written materials containing information on affordable internet programs available to students and families in the City. DOITT would be required to provide such written materials to the Department of Education (DOE) to be distributed to students at every school at the beginning of each academic year. DOITT, in coordination with DOE, would be required to provide assistance with applying for affordable internet programs at every school. DOITT would be required to post the information contained in the written materials on its website.  DOITT would also be required to annually report on the distribution of the written materials and assistance provided to families at every school, including any issues with such distribution or assistance. Not available Not available Int 0878-2024 * Robert F. Holden Establishing a cable franchise agreements website. Introduction The proposed legislation would require the Department of Information Technology and Telecommunications (Department) to create and maintain an online portal containing information related to franchise agreements for the provision of cable television services. The Department would be required to update information contained in the portal every year. Not available Not available Int 1122-2024 * Jennifer Gutiérrez Plan for expanding home access to broadband internet. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Information Technology and Telecommunications (DOITT) to develop and publish on their website a plan for the City to achieve universal, affordable, and equitable access to internet in homes throughout the City. The plan would need to be updated every 5 years, and would address how the City will build out the necessary infrastructure and work with internet service providers to facilitate the provision of low-cost internet throughout the City, prioritizing access for underserved areas. This bill would also create an internet advisory board, which would be responsible for reviewing previously published plans, and making recommendations for policy related to internet access and infrastructure needs in the city and improvements to the plan. DOITT would also be required to post online an annual report that details any progress made in implementing the plan. Not available Not available T2025-3320 *    Oversight - Evaluating the City's plan to Connect All New Yorkers to Internet. Oversight    Not available Not available Not available Int 0198-2024 * Jennifer Gutiérrez   Reporting on discounted internet service program utilization rates and improving outreach to eligible households. Introduction This bill would require the Commissioner of Information Technology and Telecommunications to report to the Mayor and the Council on the number and the general geographical distribution of households that are eligible for the City’s discounted internet service program. Based on the report, the Commissioner would be required to formulate and execute a plan to increase awareness of the program and its utilization.   Not available Not available Not available Int 0481-2024 * Julie Won   Information on affordable internet programs and community-based internet services. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Information Technology and Telecommunications (DOITT) to provide information on discounted internet services and community-based internet services to community-based organizations (CBO). DOITT would be required to create written materials containing information on such internet services, including eligibility and how to apply for such internet services, and to provide such materials electronically and in hard copy to CBOs. DOITT would also be required to post such information on its website.   Not available Not available Not available Int 0483-2024 * Julie Won   Program to provide public access to wireless networks. Introduction This bill would require the Office of Operations (OPS), the Office of Cyber Command (NYC3) and the Department of Information Technology and Telecommunications (DOITT) to establish a program for city agencies to provide Wi-Fi to the public. OPS, NYC3 and DOITT would be required to submit a report identifying the city agencies that are able to provide public access to existing secure wireless networks being used by such agencies. City agencies identified in the report would be required to submit a plan to OPS, NYC3 and DOITT to provide public access to secure wireless networks. Subsequently, such city agencies would be required to implement such plans to provide public access to Wi-Fi, and set up a publicly accessible space for individuals to access such Wi-Fi. Finally, the bill disclaims any liability on the part of the City for any damages incurred though the use of Wi-Fi provided pursuant to this bill.   Not available Not available Not available Int 0486-2024 * Julie Won   Information on affordable internet programs for students and families. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Information Technology and Telecommunications (DOITT) to develop written materials containing information on affordable internet programs available to students and families in the City. DOITT would be required to provide such written materials to the Department of Education (DOE) to be distributed to students at every school at the beginning of each academic year. DOITT, in coordination with DOE, would be required to provide assistance with applying for affordable internet programs at every school. DOITT would be required to post the information contained in the written materials on its website.  DOITT would also be required to annually report on the distribution of the written materials and assistance provided to families at every school, including any issues with such distribution or assistance.   Not available Not available Not available Int 0878-2024 * Robert F. Holden   Establishing a cable franchise agreements website. Introduction The proposed legislation would require the Department of Information Technology and Telecommunications (Department) to create and maintain an online portal containing information related to franchise agreements for the provision of cable television services. The Department would be required to update information contained in the portal every year.   Not available Not available Not available Int 1122-2024 * Jennifer Gutiérrez   Plan for expanding home access to broadband internet. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Information Technology and Telecommunications (DOITT) to develop and publish on their website a plan for the City to achieve universal, affordable, and equitable access to internet in homes throughout the City. The plan would need to be updated every 5 years, and would address how the City will build out the necessary infrastructure and work with internet service providers to facilitate the provision of low-cost internet throughout the City, prioritizing access for underserved areas. This bill would also create an internet advisory board, which would be responsible for reviewing previously published plans, and making recommendations for policy related to internet access and infrastructure needs in the city and improvements to the plan. DOITT would also be required to post online an annual report that details any progress made in implementing the plan.   Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1290017&GUID=55376CFD-529D-4839-B1A3-62A486F254F4 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1288264&GUID=57DD90C7-E93F-444A-A521-FE7363D1789D ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1290186&GUID=35F84F7E-1EA9-4AD8-A4B9-9F30BE84EA27 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1277289&GUID=4C5F9E1B-E91F-4060-9B22-13C7E75D5915 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1302699&GUID=B68C1BF9-996B-474D-ABEC-C0C70498BFA2 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1294277&GUID=A53C46A3-0FFE-4B77-9E2E-0EEB2A57BB3D&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Meeting Name: Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 4/10/2025 11:00 AM Minutes status: Final Meeting location: Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Minutes Meeting video: Video Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (5) 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available Int 0694-2024 * Sandy Nurse Proposed Int. No. 694-A Long-term citywide bathroom strategy and to make other technical changes. Introduction This bill would create a permanent, long-term strategic planning process for establishing and maintaining a citywide public bathroom network. This would be led by a Deputy Mayor in collaboration with the Department of City Planning, the Department of Parks and Recreation, the Department of Transportation, and any other agency with relevant experience and expertise. The relevant agency would be required to produce a strategic planning report, to be updated every 4 years, with the goal of providing at least 2,120 public bathrooms by 2035, at least half of which would be publicly owned. The strategic plan would propose a capital strategy, recommend law or policy changes to support bathroom openings or conversions, and identify sites that could be converted to public bathroom use. The report would recommend a design model for a modular bathroom facility as compliant with city requirements. The agency would also post a comprehensive online map of all public bathrooms in the City. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0694-2024 * Sandy Nurse Long-term citywide bathroom strategy and to make other technical changes. Introduction This bill would create a permanent, long-term strategic planning process for establishing and maintaining a citywide public bathroom network. This would be led by a Deputy Mayor in collaboration with the Department of City Planning, the Department of Parks and Recreation, the Department of Transportation, and any other agency with relevant experience and expertise. The relevant agency would be required to produce a strategic planning report, to be updated every 4 years, with the goal of providing at least 2,120 public bathrooms by 2035, at least half of which would be publicly owned. The strategic plan would propose a capital strategy, recommend law or policy changes to support bathroom openings or conversions, and identify sites that could be converted to public bathroom use. The report would recommend a design model for a modular bathroom facility as compliant with city requirements. The agency would also post a comprehensive online map of all public bathrooms in the City. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 0694-2024 * Sandy Nurse Long-term citywide bathroom strategy and to make other technical changes. Introduction This bill would create a permanent, long-term strategic planning process for establishing and maintaining a citywide public bathroom network. This would be led by a Deputy Mayor in collaboration with the Department of City Planning, the Department of Parks and Recreation, the Department of Transportation, and any other agency with relevant experience and expertise. The relevant agency would be required to produce a strategic planning report, to be updated every 4 years, with the goal of providing at least 2,120 public bathrooms by 2035, at least half of which would be publicly owned. The strategic plan would propose a capital strategy, recommend law or policy changes to support bathroom openings or conversions, and identify sites that could be converted to public bathroom use. The report would recommend a design model for a modular bathroom facility as compliant with city requirements. The agency would also post a comprehensive online map of all public bathrooms in the City. Amended by Committee Action details Not available Int 0694-2024 A Sandy Nurse Long-term citywide bathroom strategy and to make other technical changes. Introduction This bill would create a permanent, long-term strategic planning process for establishing and maintaining a citywide public bathroom network. This would be led by a Deputy Mayor in collaboration with the Department of City Planning, the Department of Parks and Recreation, the Department of Transportation, and any other agency with relevant experience and expertise. The relevant agency would be required to produce a strategic planning report, to be updated every 4 years, with the goal of providing at least 2,120 public bathrooms by 2035, at least half of which would be publicly owned. The strategic plan would propose a capital strategy, recommend law or policy changes to support bathroom openings or conversions, and identify sites that could be converted to public bathroom use. The report would recommend a design model for a modular bathroom facility as compliant with city requirements. The agency would also post a comprehensive online map of all public bathrooms in the City. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/10/2025 11:00 AM 4/10/2025 11:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Final Final  Meeting location: Meeting location: Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Minutes  Meeting video: Meeting video: Video Video  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (5) Meeting Items (5) Meeting Items (5) Meeting Items (5) 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 5 records 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available Int 0694-2024 * Sandy Nurse Proposed Int. No. 694-A Long-term citywide bathroom strategy and to make other technical changes. Introduction This bill would create a permanent, long-term strategic planning process for establishing and maintaining a citywide public bathroom network. This would be led by a Deputy Mayor in collaboration with the Department of City Planning, the Department of Parks and Recreation, the Department of Transportation, and any other agency with relevant experience and expertise. The relevant agency would be required to produce a strategic planning report, to be updated every 4 years, with the goal of providing at least 2,120 public bathrooms by 2035, at least half of which would be publicly owned. The strategic plan would propose a capital strategy, recommend law or policy changes to support bathroom openings or conversions, and identify sites that could be converted to public bathroom use. The report would recommend a design model for a modular bathroom facility as compliant with city requirements. The agency would also post a comprehensive online map of all public bathrooms in the City. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0694-2024 * Sandy Nurse Long-term citywide bathroom strategy and to make other technical changes. Introduction This bill would create a permanent, long-term strategic planning process for establishing and maintaining a citywide public bathroom network. This would be led by a Deputy Mayor in collaboration with the Department of City Planning, the Department of Parks and Recreation, the Department of Transportation, and any other agency with relevant experience and expertise. The relevant agency would be required to produce a strategic planning report, to be updated every 4 years, with the goal of providing at least 2,120 public bathrooms by 2035, at least half of which would be publicly owned. The strategic plan would propose a capital strategy, recommend law or policy changes to support bathroom openings or conversions, and identify sites that could be converted to public bathroom use. The report would recommend a design model for a modular bathroom facility as compliant with city requirements. The agency would also post a comprehensive online map of all public bathrooms in the City. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 0694-2024 * Sandy Nurse Long-term citywide bathroom strategy and to make other technical changes. Introduction This bill would create a permanent, long-term strategic planning process for establishing and maintaining a citywide public bathroom network. This would be led by a Deputy Mayor in collaboration with the Department of City Planning, the Department of Parks and Recreation, the Department of Transportation, and any other agency with relevant experience and expertise. The relevant agency would be required to produce a strategic planning report, to be updated every 4 years, with the goal of providing at least 2,120 public bathrooms by 2035, at least half of which would be publicly owned. The strategic plan would propose a capital strategy, recommend law or policy changes to support bathroom openings or conversions, and identify sites that could be converted to public bathroom use. The report would recommend a design model for a modular bathroom facility as compliant with city requirements. The agency would also post a comprehensive online map of all public bathrooms in the City. Amended by Committee Action details Not available Int 0694-2024 A Sandy Nurse Long-term citywide bathroom strategy and to make other technical changes. Introduction This bill would create a permanent, long-term strategic planning process for establishing and maintaining a citywide public bathroom network. This would be led by a Deputy Mayor in collaboration with the Department of City Planning, the Department of Parks and Recreation, the Department of Transportation, and any other agency with relevant experience and expertise. The relevant agency would be required to produce a strategic planning report, to be updated every 4 years, with the goal of providing at least 2,120 public bathrooms by 2035, at least half of which would be publicly owned. The strategic plan would propose a capital strategy, recommend law or policy changes to support bathroom openings or conversions, and identify sites that could be converted to public bathroom use. The report would recommend a design model for a modular bathroom facility as compliant with city requirements. The agency would also post a comprehensive online map of all public bathrooms in the City. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available           Roll call Not available Not available Int 0694-2024 * Sandy Nurse  Proposed Int. No. 694-A Long-term citywide bathroom strategy and to make other technical changes. Introduction This bill would create a permanent, long-term strategic planning process for establishing and maintaining a citywide public bathroom network. This would be led by a Deputy Mayor in collaboration with the Department of City Planning, the Department of Parks and Recreation, the Department of Transportation, and any other agency with relevant experience and expertise. The relevant agency would be required to produce a strategic planning report, to be updated every 4 years, with the goal of providing at least 2,120 public bathrooms by 2035, at least half of which would be publicly owned. The strategic plan would propose a capital strategy, recommend law or policy changes to support bathroom openings or conversions, and identify sites that could be converted to public bathroom use. The report would recommend a design model for a modular bathroom facility as compliant with city requirements. The agency would also post a comprehensive online map of all public bathrooms in the City. Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0694-2024 * Sandy Nurse   Long-term citywide bathroom strategy and to make other technical changes. Introduction This bill would create a permanent, long-term strategic planning process for establishing and maintaining a citywide public bathroom network. This would be led by a Deputy Mayor in collaboration with the Department of City Planning, the Department of Parks and Recreation, the Department of Transportation, and any other agency with relevant experience and expertise. The relevant agency would be required to produce a strategic planning report, to be updated every 4 years, with the goal of providing at least 2,120 public bathrooms by 2035, at least half of which would be publicly owned. The strategic plan would propose a capital strategy, recommend law or policy changes to support bathroom openings or conversions, and identify sites that could be converted to public bathroom use. The report would recommend a design model for a modular bathroom facility as compliant with city requirements. The agency would also post a comprehensive online map of all public bathrooms in the City. Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Not available Not available Int 0694-2024 * Sandy Nurse   Long-term citywide bathroom strategy and to make other technical changes. Introduction This bill would create a permanent, long-term strategic planning process for establishing and maintaining a citywide public bathroom network. This would be led by a Deputy Mayor in collaboration with the Department of City Planning, the Department of Parks and Recreation, the Department of Transportation, and any other agency with relevant experience and expertise. The relevant agency would be required to produce a strategic planning report, to be updated every 4 years, with the goal of providing at least 2,120 public bathrooms by 2035, at least half of which would be publicly owned. The strategic plan would propose a capital strategy, recommend law or policy changes to support bathroom openings or conversions, and identify sites that could be converted to public bathroom use. The report would recommend a design model for a modular bathroom facility as compliant with city requirements. The agency would also post a comprehensive online map of all public bathrooms in the City. Amended by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0694-2024 A Sandy Nurse   Long-term citywide bathroom strategy and to make other technical changes. Introduction This bill would create a permanent, long-term strategic planning process for establishing and maintaining a citywide public bathroom network. This would be led by a Deputy Mayor in collaboration with the Department of City Planning, the Department of Parks and Recreation, the Department of Transportation, and any other agency with relevant experience and expertise. The relevant agency would be required to produce a strategic planning report, to be updated every 4 years, with the goal of providing at least 2,120 public bathrooms by 2035, at least half of which would be publicly owned. The strategic plan would propose a capital strategy, recommend law or policy changes to support bathroom openings or conversions, and identify sites that could be converted to public bathroom use. The report would recommend a design model for a modular bathroom facility as compliant with city requirements. The agency would also post a comprehensive online map of all public bathrooms in the City. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=M&ID=1294720&GUID=C8B09A76-7844-4266-9433-1F6E068B8986 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1294065&GUID=EC6AF847-795D-4372-8DC5-94A5E3BE8A85 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1303216&GUID=50F54C57-5934-4406-9A30-D2F28C0CE787&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Education Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 5/1/2025 9:00 AM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Int 1125-2024 * Lincoln Restler Proposed Int. No. 1125-A Requiring the department of education to report on school librarians and library access in New York city public schools. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Education (DOE) to report annually information on school librarians and library access in DOE schools. The DOE would be required to report, for each school, the number of licensed and non-licensed school librarians; the number of students in grades 7 and 8 who have weekly scheduled class time with school librarians; and the average amount of time students spend in such classes. The DOE would also be required to report on the number and hours of operation of school libraries, including hours open to all students; the number of students at each school; and, for secondary schools with part-time licensed school librarians, whether the hours assigned comply with state minimum staffing requirements based on school enrollment. Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Education Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 5/1/2025 9:00 AM 5/1/2025 9:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 1 record 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Int 1125-2024 * Lincoln Restler Proposed Int. No. 1125-A Requiring the department of education to report on school librarians and library access in New York city public schools. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Education (DOE) to report annually information on school librarians and library access in DOE schools. The DOE would be required to report, for each school, the number of licensed and non-licensed school librarians; the number of students in grades 7 and 8 who have weekly scheduled class time with school librarians; and the average amount of time students spend in such classes. The DOE would also be required to report on the number and hours of operation of school libraries, including hours open to all students; the number of students at each school; and, for secondary schools with part-time licensed school librarians, whether the hours assigned comply with state minimum staffing requirements based on school enrollment. Not available Not available Int 1125-2024 * Lincoln Restler  Proposed Int. No. 1125-A Requiring the department of education to report on school librarians and library access in New York city public schools. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Education (DOE) to report annually information on school librarians and library access in DOE schools. The DOE would be required to report, for each school, the number of licensed and non-licensed school librarians; the number of students in grades 7 and 8 who have weekly scheduled class time with school librarians; and the average amount of time students spend in such classes. The DOE would also be required to report on the number and hours of operation of school libraries, including hours open to all students; the number of students at each school; and, for secondary schools with part-time licensed school librarians, whether the hours assigned comply with state minimum staffing requirements based on school enrollment.   Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1290809&GUID=07994D74-9F28-414F-98CD-5DC27A1C0286 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1302482&GUID=FE9AC282-C4B7-4D0C-ABAA-3DE48454873D ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1302855&GUID=F039EAFF-4D09-48E9-89E7-11BDF629C80D ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1302712&GUID=CC754748-604D-45F0-AF3C-26E6E136AB50 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1290187&GUID=59CDFE52-04F1-4CD3-8334-0FADA3C08E25&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 4/29/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS , Calendar of the Zoning Subcommittee Meeting - April 29, 2025 Meeting Items (10) 10 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia LU 0267-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Zoning, 2510 Coney Island Avenue Rezoning, Brooklyn (C 230128 ZMK). Land Use Application Not available Not available LU 0268-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Zoning, 2510 Coney Island Avenue, Brooklyn (N 230129 ZRK). Land Use Application Not available Not available LU 0269-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Zoning, 102-51 Queens Boulevard Rezoning, Queens (C 240250 ZMQ). Land Use Application Not available Not available LU 0270-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Zoning, 102-51 Queens Boulevard, Queens (N 240251 ZRQ). Land Use Application Not available Not available LU 0283-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Zoning, Western Rail Yard Modifications, Manhattan (C 250099 ZSM) Land Use Application Not available Not available LU 0284-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Zoning, Western Rail Yard Modifications, Manhattan (N 250098 ZRM) Land Use Application Not available Not available LU 0285-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Zoning, Western Rail Yard Mapping Action, Manhattan (C 250024 MMM) Land Use Application Not available Not available LU 0286-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Zoning, Western Rail Yard Modifications, Manhattan (M 250100 LDM) Land Use Application Not available Not available T2025-3489 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Preconsidered Zoning, Grace Houses, Brooklyn (C 240184 ZMK) Land Use Application Not available Not available T2025-3490 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Preconsidered Zoning, Grace Houses, Brooklyn (N 240185 ZRK) Land Use Application Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/29/2025 10:00 AM 4/29/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Council Chambers - City Hall Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS , Calendar of the Zoning Subcommittee Meeting - April 29, 2025 CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS , Calendar of the Zoning Subcommittee Meeting - April 29, 2025 Meeting Items (10) Meeting Items (10) Meeting Items (10) Meeting Items (10) 10 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 10 records 10 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia LU 0267-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Zoning, 2510 Coney Island Avenue Rezoning, Brooklyn (C 230128 ZMK). Land Use Application Not available Not available LU 0268-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Zoning, 2510 Coney Island Avenue, Brooklyn (N 230129 ZRK). Land Use Application Not available Not available LU 0269-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Zoning, 102-51 Queens Boulevard Rezoning, Queens (C 240250 ZMQ). Land Use Application Not available Not available LU 0270-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Zoning, 102-51 Queens Boulevard, Queens (N 240251 ZRQ). Land Use Application Not available Not available LU 0283-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Zoning, Western Rail Yard Modifications, Manhattan (C 250099 ZSM) Land Use Application Not available Not available LU 0284-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Zoning, Western Rail Yard Modifications, Manhattan (N 250098 ZRM) Land Use Application Not available Not available LU 0285-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Zoning, Western Rail Yard Mapping Action, Manhattan (C 250024 MMM) Land Use Application Not available Not available LU 0286-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Zoning, Western Rail Yard Modifications, Manhattan (M 250100 LDM) Land Use Application Not available Not available T2025-3489 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Preconsidered Zoning, Grace Houses, Brooklyn (C 240184 ZMK) Land Use Application Not available Not available T2025-3490 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Preconsidered Zoning, Grace Houses, Brooklyn (N 240185 ZRK) Land Use Application Not available Not available LU 0267-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr.   Zoning, 2510 Coney Island Avenue Rezoning, Brooklyn (C 230128 ZMK). Land Use Application    Not available Not available Not available LU 0268-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr.   Zoning, 2510 Coney Island Avenue, Brooklyn (N 230129 ZRK). Land Use Application    Not available Not available Not available LU 0269-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr.   Zoning, 102-51 Queens Boulevard Rezoning, Queens (C 240250 ZMQ). Land Use Application    Not available Not available Not available LU 0270-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr.   Zoning, 102-51 Queens Boulevard, Queens (N 240251 ZRQ). Land Use Application    Not available Not available Not available LU 0283-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr.   Zoning, Western Rail Yard Modifications, Manhattan (C 250099 ZSM) Land Use Application    Not available Not available Not available LU 0284-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr.   Zoning, Western Rail Yard Modifications, Manhattan (N 250098 ZRM) Land Use Application    Not available Not available Not available LU 0285-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr.   Zoning, Western Rail Yard Mapping Action, Manhattan (C 250024 MMM) Land Use Application    Not available Not available Not available LU 0286-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr.   Zoning, Western Rail Yard Modifications, Manhattan (M 250100 LDM) Land Use Application    Not available Not available Not available T2025-3489 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr.  Preconsidered Zoning, Grace Houses, Brooklyn (C 240184 ZMK) Land Use Application    Not available Not available Not available T2025-3490 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr.  Preconsidered Zoning, Grace Houses, Brooklyn (N 240185 ZRK) Land Use Application    Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1290016&GUID=326A64B9-268E-4828-8471-EEF8B9B391CA&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Contracts Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 4/30/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (5) 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3418 * Oversight - Examining Late Payments to Human Service Providers. Oversight Not available Not available Int 1247-2025 * Adrienne E. Adams Disbursement of a percentage of awards to non-profit organizations for contracts immediately upon registration by the comptroller. Introduction This bill would require the Procurement Policy Board to promulgate rules requiring the immediate disbursement of 80 percent of a fiscal year’s contract funds for agency contracts with non-profit organizations for goods, services or construction upon registration by the Comptroller and upon the start of each subsequent fiscal year, and to establish a process to recover funds for which the agency does not ultimately receive and accept the agreed-upon goods, services or construction. Not available Not available Int 1248-2025 * Adrienne E. Adams Establishing a department of contract services. Introduction This bill would establish a Department of Contract Services, the head of which would be the Commissioner of Contract Services, who would serve as the City Chief Procurement Officer. Not available Not available Int 1249-2025 * Justin L. Brannan Requiring agency corrective action plans for retroactive contract registration. Introduction This bill would require city agencies to submit annual reports on contract registration during the previous fiscal year. An agency would be required to submit a corrective action plan by January 1 if it: (1) registered 100 or more contracts or contracts valued at over $10 million in the previous fiscal year; and (2) more than 30 percent of its contracts or contract value were registered 90 days or more after their start dates. Such corrective action plans would need to analyze the causes of delays, specify improvements to be made, include implementation timelines, and set performance targets. The city chief procurement officer would be required to submit an annual report to the Mayor and Council analyzing citywide trends in the effectiveness of these corrective action plans. Not available Not available Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Contracts Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/30/2025 10:00 AM 4/30/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (5) Meeting Items (5) Meeting Items (5) Meeting Items (5) 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 5 records 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3418 * Oversight - Examining Late Payments to Human Service Providers. Oversight Not available Not available Int 1247-2025 * Adrienne E. Adams Disbursement of a percentage of awards to non-profit organizations for contracts immediately upon registration by the comptroller. Introduction This bill would require the Procurement Policy Board to promulgate rules requiring the immediate disbursement of 80 percent of a fiscal year’s contract funds for agency contracts with non-profit organizations for goods, services or construction upon registration by the Comptroller and upon the start of each subsequent fiscal year, and to establish a process to recover funds for which the agency does not ultimately receive and accept the agreed-upon goods, services or construction. Not available Not available Int 1248-2025 * Adrienne E. Adams Establishing a department of contract services. Introduction This bill would establish a Department of Contract Services, the head of which would be the Commissioner of Contract Services, who would serve as the City Chief Procurement Officer. Not available Not available Int 1249-2025 * Justin L. Brannan Requiring agency corrective action plans for retroactive contract registration. Introduction This bill would require city agencies to submit annual reports on contract registration during the previous fiscal year. An agency would be required to submit a corrective action plan by January 1 if it: (1) registered 100 or more contracts or contracts valued at over $10 million in the previous fiscal year; and (2) more than 30 percent of its contracts or contract value were registered 90 days or more after their start dates. Such corrective action plans would need to analyze the causes of delays, specify improvements to be made, include implementation timelines, and set performance targets. The city chief procurement officer would be required to submit an annual report to the Mayor and Council analyzing citywide trends in the effectiveness of these corrective action plans. Not available Not available Not available Not available T2025-3418 *    Oversight - Examining Late Payments to Human Service Providers. Oversight    Not available Not available Not available Int 1247-2025 * Adrienne E. Adams   Disbursement of a percentage of awards to non-profit organizations for contracts immediately upon registration by the comptroller. Introduction This bill would require the Procurement Policy Board to promulgate rules requiring the immediate disbursement of 80 percent of a fiscal year’s contract funds for agency contracts with non-profit organizations for goods, services or construction upon registration by the Comptroller and upon the start of each subsequent fiscal year, and to establish a process to recover funds for which the agency does not ultimately receive and accept the agreed-upon goods, services or construction.   Not available Not available Not available Int 1248-2025 * Adrienne E. Adams   Establishing a department of contract services. Introduction This bill would establish a Department of Contract Services, the head of which would be the Commissioner of Contract Services, who would serve as the City Chief Procurement Officer.   Not available Not available Not available Int 1249-2025 * Justin L. Brannan   Requiring agency corrective action plans for retroactive contract registration. Introduction This bill would require city agencies to submit annual reports on contract registration during the previous fiscal year. An agency would be required to submit a corrective action plan by January 1 if it: (1) registered 100 or more contracts or contracts valued at over $10 million in the previous fiscal year; and (2) more than 30 percent of its contracts or contract value were registered 90 days or more after their start dates. Such corrective action plans would need to analyze the causes of delays, specify improvements to be made, include implementation timelines, and set performance targets. The city chief procurement officer would be required to submit an annual report to the Mayor and Council analyzing citywide trends in the effectiveness of these corrective action plans.   Not available Not available Not available           Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1302690&GUID=CF4FFEA7-D0FD-41E8-A0F5-3CE3F610F971 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov#2025-04-22 ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## List View List View List View List View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Search: Search:  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive)  select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive) notes closed captions notes closed captions  *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. Help 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 845 records 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 City Council Stated Meeting 9/25/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 9/18/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 8/14/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 7/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/30/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 6/26/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Cooling centers. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/11/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/29/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Public Safety. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Safety Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/28/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Immigration 5/27/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Immigration Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Criminal Justice and the Committee on Immigration. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Criminal Justice 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Criminal Justice Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Health Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Hospitals Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Education. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Children and Youth Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on General Welfare. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on General Welfare 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - General Welfare Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 5/15/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Higher Education and the Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Higher Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Housing 5/14/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Housing Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Housing and Buildings and the Committee on Public Housing. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Housing and Buildings Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/13/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Parks and Recreation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Transportation and Infrastructure Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Parks and Recreation and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Aging 5/12/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Aging Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management and the Committee on Aging. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/6/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/1/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Establishing exemptions for third-party food delivery services from the limits on fees charged by such services on food service establishments. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Wildfire mitigation strategic planning report to mitigate wildfires in parks under the jurisdiction of the department of parks and recreation. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/1/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/1/2025   9:00 AM 9:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the department of education to report on school librarians and library access in New York city public schools. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/30/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Land Use 4/30/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Contracts 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Contracts Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Public Meeting Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 4/29/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Oversight - Removing Small Financial Barriers for CUNY Students. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Technology 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Veterans 4/28/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 4/24/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* New York City health care institutions to contract with industrial laundry companies that respect workers’ legal rights and adhere to area standards for wages and benefits. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Economic Development 4/24/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/24/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Veterans 4/23/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/23/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Land Use 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/17/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Women and Gender Equity. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil Service and Labor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Criminal Justice 4/16/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Aging 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with the Committee on Finance. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Immigration 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Immigration Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Housing 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Security Guards, Fire Guards, and NYCHA’s Oversight of Contractors. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video City Council Stated Meeting 4/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Technology 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the 311 customer service center to provide certain resources in response to tree pruning-related requests. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Fire and Emergency Management 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Flash flood preparedness outreach and evacuation guidance. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Long-term citywide bathroom strategy and to make other technical changes. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/10/2025   10:45 AM 10:45 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor VOTE* Prioritization of maintenance of trees adjacent to buildings and structures. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Safety 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/10/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/10/2025   9:30 AM 9:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video  previous day next day today Calendar Title and navigation Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << April 2025 S M T W T F S 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 April 2025   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30           Day Day Week Week Month Timeline Timeline Apr, 2025 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1302714&GUID=384BCF0D-6906-41FD-963B-6B30218ECA7E ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1303045&GUID=4F729909-8E23-44A0-B029-29AB9342D45E ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=M&ID=1288263&GUID=B4B0EB6A-9429-4DA1-A3D0-8F3781B5A55D ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1302691&GUID=C46BD579-4197-4A54-9706-FBE779C9A0D2&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 5/12/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3449 * Executive Budget Hearings - Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Oversight Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 5/12/2025 10:00 AM 5/12/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 1 record 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3449 * Executive Budget Hearings - Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Oversight Not available Not available T2025-3449 *    Executive Budget Hearings - Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Oversight    Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1302720&GUID=62B76B79-040E-48F6-925E-9B3581483BEE ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1302719&GUID=40EE1E41-3559-4C79-BBE3-A103747A760F&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Parks and Recreation Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 5/13/2025 12:00 PM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3458 * Executive Budget Hearings - Parks and Recreation Oversight Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Parks and Recreation Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 5/13/2025 12:00 PM 5/13/2025 12:00 PM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 1 record 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3458 * Executive Budget Hearings - Parks and Recreation Oversight Not available Not available T2025-3458 *    Executive Budget Hearings - Parks and Recreation Oversight    Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1287177&GUID=86494074-743E-484D-BAF5-1A8AE83AFFEE&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting has been deferred. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Veterans Agenda status: Deferred Meeting date/time: 4/23/2025 Deferred Minutes status: Deferred Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3226 * Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Oversight Action details Not available Please note: this meeting has been deferred. Please note: this meeting has been deferred. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Veterans Agenda status: Agenda status: Deferred Deferred Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/23/2025 Deferred 4/23/2025 Deferred Minutes status: Minutes status: Deferred Deferred  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Council Chambers - City Hall Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 1 record 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3226 * Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Oversight Action details Not available T2025-3226 *    Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Oversight    Action details Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov#2025-04-30 ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## List View List View List View List View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Search: Search:  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive)  select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive) notes closed captions notes closed captions  *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. Help 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 845 records 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 City Council Stated Meeting 9/25/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 9/18/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 8/14/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 7/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/30/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 6/26/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Cooling centers. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/11/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/29/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Public Safety. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Safety Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/28/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Immigration 5/27/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Immigration Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Criminal Justice and the Committee on Immigration. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Criminal Justice 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Criminal Justice Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Health Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Hospitals Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Education. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Children and Youth Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on General Welfare. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on General Welfare 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - General Welfare Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 5/15/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Higher Education and the Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Higher Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Housing 5/14/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Housing Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Housing and Buildings and the Committee on Public Housing. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Housing and Buildings Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/13/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Parks and Recreation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Transportation and Infrastructure Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Parks and Recreation and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Aging 5/12/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Aging Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management and the Committee on Aging. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/6/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/1/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Establishing exemptions for third-party food delivery services from the limits on fees charged by such services on food service establishments. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Wildfire mitigation strategic planning report to mitigate wildfires in parks under the jurisdiction of the department of parks and recreation. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/1/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/1/2025   9:00 AM 9:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the department of education to report on school librarians and library access in New York city public schools. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/30/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Land Use 4/30/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Contracts 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Contracts Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Public Meeting Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 4/29/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Oversight - Removing Small Financial Barriers for CUNY Students. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Technology 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Veterans 4/28/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 4/24/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* New York City health care institutions to contract with industrial laundry companies that respect workers’ legal rights and adhere to area standards for wages and benefits. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Economic Development 4/24/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/24/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Veterans 4/23/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/23/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Land Use 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/17/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Women and Gender Equity. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil Service and Labor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Criminal Justice 4/16/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Aging 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with the Committee on Finance. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Immigration 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Immigration Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Housing 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Security Guards, Fire Guards, and NYCHA’s Oversight of Contractors. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video City Council Stated Meeting 4/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Technology 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the 311 customer service center to provide certain resources in response to tree pruning-related requests. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Fire and Emergency Management 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Flash flood preparedness outreach and evacuation guidance. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Long-term citywide bathroom strategy and to make other technical changes. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/10/2025   10:45 AM 10:45 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor VOTE* Prioritization of maintenance of trees adjacent to buildings and structures. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Safety 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/10/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/10/2025   9:30 AM 9:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video  previous day next day today Calendar Title and navigation Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << April 2025 S M T W T F S 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 April 2025   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30           Day Day Week Week Month Timeline Timeline Apr, 2025 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1291022&GUID=9CB2FEBB-DA9C-456E-A813-B385C45B2119&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 4/30/2025 1:00 PM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Committee Room - City Hall Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (5) 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3357 * Oversight - Nature-Based Solutions for Climate Resiliency and Disaster Preparedness. Oversight Not available Not available Res 0131-2024 * Julie Menin New York Deforestation-Free Procurement Act. (A.6872A/S.5921A) Resolution Not available Not available Res 0143-2024 * Julie Menin Proposed Res. No. 143-A Recognize the contributions of the federal Endangered Species Act to the natural environment of New York City. Resolution Not available Not available Int 1254-2025 * James F. Gennaro Creating a greened acre metric to measure stormwater captured by green infrastructure installed in the city and set a greened acre goal for MS4 areas. Introduction This bill would set a target, measured in greened acres, of stormwater managed by green infrastructure in the municipal separate storm sewer system (MS4) area. This bill would require the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) to install, or cause to be installed, green infrastructure projects to meet such target. The bill would also require DEP to publish an annual greened acre report until such target is met. Finally, the bill would require DEP to measure all of the city’s green infrastructure projects in greened acres, and publish those greened acre measurements for each green infrastructure project on the green infrastructure program map. Not available Not available Int 1253-2025 * James F. Gennaro Notice for the installation of bioswales, rain gardens, or other bioretention systems. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) to notify the local Council Member when DEP installs a new bioswale, rain garden, or other bioretention system in the public right-of-way. Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/30/2025 1:00 PM 4/30/2025 1:00 PM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Committee Room - City Hall Committee Room - City Hall Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (5) Meeting Items (5) Meeting Items (5) Meeting Items (5) 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 5 records 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3357 * Oversight - Nature-Based Solutions for Climate Resiliency and Disaster Preparedness. Oversight Not available Not available Res 0131-2024 * Julie Menin New York Deforestation-Free Procurement Act. (A.6872A/S.5921A) Resolution Not available Not available Res 0143-2024 * Julie Menin Proposed Res. No. 143-A Recognize the contributions of the federal Endangered Species Act to the natural environment of New York City. Resolution Not available Not available Int 1254-2025 * James F. Gennaro Creating a greened acre metric to measure stormwater captured by green infrastructure installed in the city and set a greened acre goal for MS4 areas. Introduction This bill would set a target, measured in greened acres, of stormwater managed by green infrastructure in the municipal separate storm sewer system (MS4) area. This bill would require the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) to install, or cause to be installed, green infrastructure projects to meet such target. The bill would also require DEP to publish an annual greened acre report until such target is met. Finally, the bill would require DEP to measure all of the city’s green infrastructure projects in greened acres, and publish those greened acre measurements for each green infrastructure project on the green infrastructure program map. Not available Not available Int 1253-2025 * James F. Gennaro Notice for the installation of bioswales, rain gardens, or other bioretention systems. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) to notify the local Council Member when DEP installs a new bioswale, rain garden, or other bioretention system in the public right-of-way. Not available Not available T2025-3357 *    Oversight - Nature-Based Solutions for Climate Resiliency and Disaster Preparedness. Oversight    Not available Not available Not available Res 0131-2024 * Julie Menin   New York Deforestation-Free Procurement Act. (A.6872A/S.5921A) Resolution    Not available Not available Not available Res 0143-2024 * Julie Menin  Proposed Res. No. 143-A Recognize the contributions of the federal Endangered Species Act to the natural environment of New York City. Resolution    Not available Not available Not available Int 1254-2025 * James F. Gennaro   Creating a greened acre metric to measure stormwater captured by green infrastructure installed in the city and set a greened acre goal for MS4 areas. Introduction This bill would set a target, measured in greened acres, of stormwater managed by green infrastructure in the municipal separate storm sewer system (MS4) area. This bill would require the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) to install, or cause to be installed, green infrastructure projects to meet such target. The bill would also require DEP to publish an annual greened acre report until such target is met. Finally, the bill would require DEP to measure all of the city’s green infrastructure projects in greened acres, and publish those greened acre measurements for each green infrastructure project on the green infrastructure program map.   Not available Not available Not available Int 1253-2025 * James F. Gennaro   Notice for the installation of bioswales, rain gardens, or other bioretention systems. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) to notify the local Council Member when DEP installs a new bioswale, rain garden, or other bioretention system in the public right-of-way.   Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1288263&GUID=B4B0EB6A-9429-4DA1-A3D0-8F3781B5A55D ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1290363&GUID=9309997E-B812-4161-838F-26909CAB8DE3 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1293554&GUID=538D7397-1EB5-4382-9ADE-F2B8056B228F&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Meeting Name: Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 4/17/2025 11:00 AM Minutes status: Final Meeting location: 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Minutes Meeting video: Video Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS , Calendar of the Zoning Subcommittee Meeting - April 17, 2025 Meeting Items (5) 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available LU 0269-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Zoning, 102-51 Queens Boulevard Rezoning, Queens (C 240250 ZMQ). Land Use Application Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available LU 0269-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Zoning, 102-51 Queens Boulevard Rezoning, Queens (C 240250 ZMQ). Land Use Application Laid Over by Subcommittee Action details Not available LU 0270-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Zoning, 102-51 Queens Boulevard, Queens (N 240251 ZRQ). Land Use Application Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available LU 0270-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Zoning, 102-51 Queens Boulevard, Queens (N 240251 ZRQ). Land Use Application Laid Over by Subcommittee Action details Not available Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/17/2025 11:00 AM 4/17/2025 11:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Final Final  Meeting location: Meeting location: 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Minutes  Meeting video: Meeting video: Video Video  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS , Calendar of the Zoning Subcommittee Meeting - April 17, 2025 CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS , Calendar of the Zoning Subcommittee Meeting - April 17, 2025 Meeting Items (5) Meeting Items (5) Meeting Items (5) Meeting Items (5) 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 5 records 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available LU 0269-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Zoning, 102-51 Queens Boulevard Rezoning, Queens (C 240250 ZMQ). Land Use Application Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available LU 0269-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Zoning, 102-51 Queens Boulevard Rezoning, Queens (C 240250 ZMQ). Land Use Application Laid Over by Subcommittee Action details Not available LU 0270-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Zoning, 102-51 Queens Boulevard, Queens (N 240251 ZRQ). Land Use Application Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available LU 0270-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Zoning, 102-51 Queens Boulevard, Queens (N 240251 ZRQ). Land Use Application Laid Over by Subcommittee Action details Not available           Roll call Not available Not available LU 0269-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr.   Zoning, 102-51 Queens Boulevard Rezoning, Queens (C 240250 ZMQ). Land Use Application  Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available LU 0269-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr.   Zoning, 102-51 Queens Boulevard Rezoning, Queens (C 240250 ZMQ). Land Use Application  Laid Over by Subcommittee  Action details Not available Not available LU 0270-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr.   Zoning, 102-51 Queens Boulevard, Queens (N 240251 ZRQ). Land Use Application  Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available LU 0270-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr.   Zoning, 102-51 Queens Boulevard, Queens (N 240251 ZRQ). Land Use Application  Laid Over by Subcommittee  Action details Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=M&ID=1293479&GUID=5FBC2DFE-3656-45F2-A1EF-573FDF2464E9 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1292839&GUID=8F874858-6309-4610-9688-AE69E3584375 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=M&ID=1289775&GUID=E7F28123-8397-4D85-AF29-1B08B5588131 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1291022&GUID=9CB2FEBB-DA9C-456E-A813-B385C45B2119 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1293224&GUID=97324AE1-C215-4083-9B90-3504365F52D7&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Meeting Name: Committee on Public Housing Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 4/15/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Final Meeting location: 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Minutes Meeting video: Video Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (3) 3 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available T2025-3337 * Oversight - Security Guards, Fire Guards, and NYCHA’s Oversight of Contractors. Oversight Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available T2025-3337 * Oversight - Security Guards, Fire Guards, and NYCHA’s Oversight of Contractors. Oversight Filed, by Committee Action details Not available Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Public Housing Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/15/2025 10:00 AM 4/15/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Final Final  Meeting location: Meeting location: 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Minutes  Meeting video: Meeting video: Video Video  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (3) Meeting Items (3) Meeting Items (3) Meeting Items (3) 3 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 3 records 3 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available T2025-3337 * Oversight - Security Guards, Fire Guards, and NYCHA’s Oversight of Contractors. Oversight Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available T2025-3337 * Oversight - Security Guards, Fire Guards, and NYCHA’s Oversight of Contractors. Oversight Filed, by Committee Action details Not available           Roll call Not available Not available T2025-3337 *    Oversight - Security Guards, Fire Guards, and NYCHA’s Oversight of Contractors. Oversight  Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available T2025-3337 *    Oversight - Security Guards, Fire Guards, and NYCHA’s Oversight of Contractors. Oversight  Filed, by Committee  Action details Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1282088&GUID=E2824A75-A403-4676-B229-C4ACA0808726 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1302700&GUID=C4C1334A-A398-452C-BE50-234ECD71AF6E ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1302679&GUID=AD2F94F5-FD39-47D8-98E1-100D83C77F77 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1293479&GUID=5FBC2DFE-3656-45F2-A1EF-573FDF2464E9 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1282454&GUID=E7B73950-D266-4C33-85C8-7DF672F0BAA7 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1302701&GUID=0B2A205F-FDB7-436C-A61E-759531CD2603 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1290186&GUID=35F84F7E-1EA9-4AD8-A4B9-9F30BE84EA27&Options=info|&Search= ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=M&ID=1288264&GUID=57DD90C7-E93F-444A-A521-FE7363D1789D ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1293662&GUID=509335A0-ADE5-48F1-9F8D-45ABBE450E02 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=M&ID=1294265&GUID=ED58A730-ADF0-4C20-B11A-B3C37B64E4D3 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1302720&GUID=62B76B79-040E-48F6-925E-9B3581483BEE&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Immigration Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 5/27/2025 12:00 PM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3466 * Executive Budget Hearings - Immigration Oversight Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Immigration Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 5/27/2025 12:00 PM 5/27/2025 12:00 PM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 1 record 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3466 * Executive Budget Hearings - Immigration Oversight Not available Not available T2025-3466 *    Executive Budget Hearings - Immigration Oversight    Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1291009&GUID=103599E6-9841-42F9-80DA-175CE33DC67A ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1294265&GUID=ED58A730-ADF0-4C20-B11A-B3C37B64E4D3 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1277289&GUID=4C5F9E1B-E91F-4060-9B22-13C7E75D5915&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: City Council Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 5/1/2025 1:30 PM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: City Council Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 5/1/2025 1:30 PM 5/1/2025 1:30 PM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Council Chambers - City Hall Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments:   Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 1 record 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Not available Not available           Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1293224&GUID=97324AE1-C215-4083-9B90-3504365F52D7 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1293310&GUID=48332380-91F4-4F0C-B2C4-523668A300A5 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1283805&GUID=19AA12C1-995E-47D4-98B9-01DC3F1803A8&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Meeting Name: Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 4/23/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Final Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Minutes Meeting video: Video Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (7) 7 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available T2025-3180 * Oversight - Dining Out NYC program. Oversight Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available T2025-3180 * Oversight - Dining Out NYC program. Oversight Filed, by Committee Action details Not available Int 0857-2024 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Proposed Int. No. 857-A Towing vehicles that are an encumbrance on the street. Introduction This bill would require that the Department of Sanitation remove certain vehicles that are an encumbrance on the street within 72 hours after receiving notice of the encumbrance. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0857-2024 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Towing vehicles that are an encumbrance on the street. Introduction This bill would require that the Department of Sanitation remove certain vehicles that are an encumbrance on the street within 72 hours after receiving notice of the encumbrance. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 0857-2024 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Towing vehicles that are an encumbrance on the street. Introduction This bill would require that the Department of Sanitation remove certain vehicles that are an encumbrance on the street within 72 hours after receiving notice of the encumbrance. Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Not available Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/23/2025 10:00 AM 4/23/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Final Final  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Minutes  Meeting video: Meeting video: Video Video  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (7) Meeting Items (7) Meeting Items (7) Meeting Items (7) 7 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 7 records 7 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available T2025-3180 * Oversight - Dining Out NYC program. Oversight Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available T2025-3180 * Oversight - Dining Out NYC program. Oversight Filed, by Committee Action details Not available Int 0857-2024 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Proposed Int. No. 857-A Towing vehicles that are an encumbrance on the street. Introduction This bill would require that the Department of Sanitation remove certain vehicles that are an encumbrance on the street within 72 hours after receiving notice of the encumbrance. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0857-2024 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Towing vehicles that are an encumbrance on the street. Introduction This bill would require that the Department of Sanitation remove certain vehicles that are an encumbrance on the street within 72 hours after receiving notice of the encumbrance. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 0857-2024 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Towing vehicles that are an encumbrance on the street. Introduction This bill would require that the Department of Sanitation remove certain vehicles that are an encumbrance on the street within 72 hours after receiving notice of the encumbrance. Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Not available           Roll call Not available Not available T2025-3180 *    Oversight - Dining Out NYC program. Oversight  Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available T2025-3180 *    Oversight - Dining Out NYC program. Oversight  Filed, by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0857-2024 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr.  Proposed Int. No. 857-A Towing vehicles that are an encumbrance on the street. Introduction This bill would require that the Department of Sanitation remove certain vehicles that are an encumbrance on the street within 72 hours after receiving notice of the encumbrance. Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0857-2024 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr.   Towing vehicles that are an encumbrance on the street. Introduction This bill would require that the Department of Sanitation remove certain vehicles that are an encumbrance on the street within 72 hours after receiving notice of the encumbrance. Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Not available Not available Int 0857-2024 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr.   Towing vehicles that are an encumbrance on the street. Introduction This bill would require that the Department of Sanitation remove certain vehicles that are an encumbrance on the street within 72 hours after receiving notice of the encumbrance. Laid Over by Committee  Action details Not available Not available            Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1294265&GUID=ED58A730-ADF0-4C20-B11A-B3C37B64E4D3&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Meeting Name: Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 4/10/2025 10:30 AM Minutes status: Final Meeting location: Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Minutes Meeting video: Video Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (15) 15 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available Int 1105-2024 * Selvena N. Brooks-Powers Proposed Int. No. 1105-A Tracking progress made towards the requirements of the streets master plan. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Transportation, as part of its annual streets plan update, to provide a description of all projects planned for that year that will contribute to the requirements of the streets master plan, and the contribution each project will make to those requirements. The Department would also be required to provide updates three times a year about the progress of each project including the actual and estimated start and completion dates, community board presentations if applicable, project funding, and whether any delays or cost overruns have occurred, and additionally provide monthly updates about the current status of projects in the construction phase. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 1105-2024 * Selvena N. Brooks-Powers Tracking progress made towards the requirements of the streets master plan. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Transportation, as part of its annual streets plan update, to provide a description of all projects planned for that year that will contribute to the requirements of the streets master plan, and the contribution each project will make to those requirements. The Department would also be required to provide updates three times a year about the progress of each project including the actual and estimated start and completion dates, community board presentations if applicable, project funding, and whether any delays or cost overruns have occurred, and additionally provide monthly updates about the current status of projects in the construction phase. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 1105-2024 * Selvena N. Brooks-Powers Tracking progress made towards the requirements of the streets master plan. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Transportation, as part of its annual streets plan update, to provide a description of all projects planned for that year that will contribute to the requirements of the streets master plan, and the contribution each project will make to those requirements. The Department would also be required to provide updates three times a year about the progress of each project including the actual and estimated start and completion dates, community board presentations if applicable, project funding, and whether any delays or cost overruns have occurred, and additionally provide monthly updates about the current status of projects in the construction phase. Amended by Committee Action details Not available Int 1105-2024 A Selvena N. Brooks-Powers Tracking progress made towards the requirements of the streets master plan. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Transportation, as part of its annual streets plan update, to provide a description of all projects planned for that year that will contribute to the requirements of the streets master plan, and the contribution each project will make to those requirements. The Department would also be required to provide updates three times a year about the progress of each project including the actual and estimated start and completion dates, community board presentations if applicable, project funding, and whether any delays or cost overruns have occurred, and additionally provide monthly updates about the current status of projects in the construction phase. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Int 1114-2024 * Julie Won Proposed Int. No. 1114-A Requiring the commissioner of transportation to create an online capital project tracker. Introduction This bill would require the Commissioner of Transportation to create and maintain an online capital project tracker on the Department of Transportation’s (DOT) website, to be updated three times a year, which provides detailed information on each pending public-facing capital project under DOT’s jurisdiction. This tracker would not include any capital projects undertaken by DOT to address specific benchmarks included in any transportation master plan issued by DOT under section 19-199.1 of the Administrative Code. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 1114-2024 * Julie Won Requiring the commissioner of transportation to create an online capital project tracker. Introduction This bill would require the Commissioner of Transportation to create and maintain an online capital project tracker on the Department of Transportation’s (DOT) website, to be updated three times a year, which provides detailed information on each pending public-facing capital project under DOT’s jurisdiction. This tracker would not include any capital projects undertaken by DOT to address specific benchmarks included in any transportation master plan issued by DOT under section 19-199.1 of the Administrative Code. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 1114-2024 * Julie Won Requiring the commissioner of transportation to create an online capital project tracker. Introduction This bill would require the Commissioner of Transportation to create and maintain an online capital project tracker on the Department of Transportation’s (DOT) website, to be updated three times a year, which provides detailed information on each pending public-facing capital project under DOT’s jurisdiction. This tracker would not include any capital projects undertaken by DOT to address specific benchmarks included in any transportation master plan issued by DOT under section 19-199.1 of the Administrative Code. Amended by Committee Action details Not available Int 1114-2024 A Julie Won Requiring the commissioner of transportation to create an online capital project tracker. Introduction This bill would require the Commissioner of Transportation to create and maintain an online capital project tracker on the Department of Transportation’s (DOT) website, to be updated three times a year, which provides detailed information on each pending public-facing capital project under DOT’s jurisdiction. This tracker would not include any capital projects undertaken by DOT to address specific benchmarks included in any transportation master plan issued by DOT under section 19-199.1 of the Administrative Code. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Res 0059-2024 * Selvena N. Brooks-Powers Proposed Res. No. 59-A MTA to conduct a comprehensive Environmental Impact Study on the viability of the proposed QueensLink project. Resolution Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Res 0059-2024 * Selvena N. Brooks-Powers MTA to conduct a comprehensive Environmental Impact Study on the viability of the proposed QueensLink project. Resolution Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Res 0059-2024 * Selvena N. Brooks-Powers MTA to conduct a comprehensive Environmental Impact Study on the viability of the proposed QueensLink project. Resolution Amended by Committee Action details Not available Res 0059-2024 A Selvena N. Brooks-Powers MTA to conduct a comprehensive Environmental Impact Study on the viability of the proposed QueensLink project. Resolution Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Res 0187-2024 * Kevin C. Riley MTA to conduct a comprehensive Environmental Impact Statement for the proposed Gun Hill Road Electric Bus Depot Charging Facility. Resolution Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Res 0187-2024 * Kevin C. Riley MTA to conduct a comprehensive Environmental Impact Statement for the proposed Gun Hill Road Electric Bus Depot Charging Facility. Resolution Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/10/2025 10:30 AM 4/10/2025 10:30 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Final Final  Meeting location: Meeting location: Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Minutes  Meeting video: Meeting video: Video Video  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (15) Meeting Items (15) Meeting Items (15) Meeting Items (15) 15 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 15 records 15 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available Int 1105-2024 * Selvena N. Brooks-Powers Proposed Int. No. 1105-A Tracking progress made towards the requirements of the streets master plan. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Transportation, as part of its annual streets plan update, to provide a description of all projects planned for that year that will contribute to the requirements of the streets master plan, and the contribution each project will make to those requirements. The Department would also be required to provide updates three times a year about the progress of each project including the actual and estimated start and completion dates, community board presentations if applicable, project funding, and whether any delays or cost overruns have occurred, and additionally provide monthly updates about the current status of projects in the construction phase. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 1105-2024 * Selvena N. Brooks-Powers Tracking progress made towards the requirements of the streets master plan. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Transportation, as part of its annual streets plan update, to provide a description of all projects planned for that year that will contribute to the requirements of the streets master plan, and the contribution each project will make to those requirements. The Department would also be required to provide updates three times a year about the progress of each project including the actual and estimated start and completion dates, community board presentations if applicable, project funding, and whether any delays or cost overruns have occurred, and additionally provide monthly updates about the current status of projects in the construction phase. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 1105-2024 * Selvena N. Brooks-Powers Tracking progress made towards the requirements of the streets master plan. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Transportation, as part of its annual streets plan update, to provide a description of all projects planned for that year that will contribute to the requirements of the streets master plan, and the contribution each project will make to those requirements. The Department would also be required to provide updates three times a year about the progress of each project including the actual and estimated start and completion dates, community board presentations if applicable, project funding, and whether any delays or cost overruns have occurred, and additionally provide monthly updates about the current status of projects in the construction phase. Amended by Committee Action details Not available Int 1105-2024 A Selvena N. Brooks-Powers Tracking progress made towards the requirements of the streets master plan. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Transportation, as part of its annual streets plan update, to provide a description of all projects planned for that year that will contribute to the requirements of the streets master plan, and the contribution each project will make to those requirements. The Department would also be required to provide updates three times a year about the progress of each project including the actual and estimated start and completion dates, community board presentations if applicable, project funding, and whether any delays or cost overruns have occurred, and additionally provide monthly updates about the current status of projects in the construction phase. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Int 1114-2024 * Julie Won Proposed Int. No. 1114-A Requiring the commissioner of transportation to create an online capital project tracker. Introduction This bill would require the Commissioner of Transportation to create and maintain an online capital project tracker on the Department of Transportation’s (DOT) website, to be updated three times a year, which provides detailed information on each pending public-facing capital project under DOT’s jurisdiction. This tracker would not include any capital projects undertaken by DOT to address specific benchmarks included in any transportation master plan issued by DOT under section 19-199.1 of the Administrative Code. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 1114-2024 * Julie Won Requiring the commissioner of transportation to create an online capital project tracker. Introduction This bill would require the Commissioner of Transportation to create and maintain an online capital project tracker on the Department of Transportation’s (DOT) website, to be updated three times a year, which provides detailed information on each pending public-facing capital project under DOT’s jurisdiction. This tracker would not include any capital projects undertaken by DOT to address specific benchmarks included in any transportation master plan issued by DOT under section 19-199.1 of the Administrative Code. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 1114-2024 * Julie Won Requiring the commissioner of transportation to create an online capital project tracker. Introduction This bill would require the Commissioner of Transportation to create and maintain an online capital project tracker on the Department of Transportation’s (DOT) website, to be updated three times a year, which provides detailed information on each pending public-facing capital project under DOT’s jurisdiction. This tracker would not include any capital projects undertaken by DOT to address specific benchmarks included in any transportation master plan issued by DOT under section 19-199.1 of the Administrative Code. Amended by Committee Action details Not available Int 1114-2024 A Julie Won Requiring the commissioner of transportation to create an online capital project tracker. Introduction This bill would require the Commissioner of Transportation to create and maintain an online capital project tracker on the Department of Transportation’s (DOT) website, to be updated three times a year, which provides detailed information on each pending public-facing capital project under DOT’s jurisdiction. This tracker would not include any capital projects undertaken by DOT to address specific benchmarks included in any transportation master plan issued by DOT under section 19-199.1 of the Administrative Code. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Res 0059-2024 * Selvena N. Brooks-Powers Proposed Res. No. 59-A MTA to conduct a comprehensive Environmental Impact Study on the viability of the proposed QueensLink project. Resolution Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Res 0059-2024 * Selvena N. Brooks-Powers MTA to conduct a comprehensive Environmental Impact Study on the viability of the proposed QueensLink project. Resolution Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Res 0059-2024 * Selvena N. Brooks-Powers MTA to conduct a comprehensive Environmental Impact Study on the viability of the proposed QueensLink project. Resolution Amended by Committee Action details Not available Res 0059-2024 A Selvena N. Brooks-Powers MTA to conduct a comprehensive Environmental Impact Study on the viability of the proposed QueensLink project. Resolution Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Res 0187-2024 * Kevin C. Riley MTA to conduct a comprehensive Environmental Impact Statement for the proposed Gun Hill Road Electric Bus Depot Charging Facility. Resolution Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Res 0187-2024 * Kevin C. Riley MTA to conduct a comprehensive Environmental Impact Statement for the proposed Gun Hill Road Electric Bus Depot Charging Facility. Resolution Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available           Roll call Not available Not available Int 1105-2024 * Selvena N. Brooks-Powers  Proposed Int. No. 1105-A Tracking progress made towards the requirements of the streets master plan. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Transportation, as part of its annual streets plan update, to provide a description of all projects planned for that year that will contribute to the requirements of the streets master plan, and the contribution each project will make to those requirements. The Department would also be required to provide updates three times a year about the progress of each project including the actual and estimated start and completion dates, community board presentations if applicable, project funding, and whether any delays or cost overruns have occurred, and additionally provide monthly updates about the current status of projects in the construction phase. Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 1105-2024 * Selvena N. Brooks-Powers   Tracking progress made towards the requirements of the streets master plan. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Transportation, as part of its annual streets plan update, to provide a description of all projects planned for that year that will contribute to the requirements of the streets master plan, and the contribution each project will make to those requirements. The Department would also be required to provide updates three times a year about the progress of each project including the actual and estimated start and completion dates, community board presentations if applicable, project funding, and whether any delays or cost overruns have occurred, and additionally provide monthly updates about the current status of projects in the construction phase. Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Not available Not available Int 1105-2024 * Selvena N. Brooks-Powers   Tracking progress made towards the requirements of the streets master plan. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Transportation, as part of its annual streets plan update, to provide a description of all projects planned for that year that will contribute to the requirements of the streets master plan, and the contribution each project will make to those requirements. The Department would also be required to provide updates three times a year about the progress of each project including the actual and estimated start and completion dates, community board presentations if applicable, project funding, and whether any delays or cost overruns have occurred, and additionally provide monthly updates about the current status of projects in the construction phase. Amended by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 1105-2024 A Selvena N. Brooks-Powers   Tracking progress made towards the requirements of the streets master plan. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Transportation, as part of its annual streets plan update, to provide a description of all projects planned for that year that will contribute to the requirements of the streets master plan, and the contribution each project will make to those requirements. The Department would also be required to provide updates three times a year about the progress of each project including the actual and estimated start and completion dates, community board presentations if applicable, project funding, and whether any delays or cost overruns have occurred, and additionally provide monthly updates about the current status of projects in the construction phase. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Not available Int 1114-2024 * Julie Won  Proposed Int. No. 1114-A Requiring the commissioner of transportation to create an online capital project tracker. Introduction This bill would require the Commissioner of Transportation to create and maintain an online capital project tracker on the Department of Transportation’s (DOT) website, to be updated three times a year, which provides detailed information on each pending public-facing capital project under DOT’s jurisdiction. This tracker would not include any capital projects undertaken by DOT to address specific benchmarks included in any transportation master plan issued by DOT under section 19-199.1 of the Administrative Code. Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 1114-2024 * Julie Won   Requiring the commissioner of transportation to create an online capital project tracker. Introduction This bill would require the Commissioner of Transportation to create and maintain an online capital project tracker on the Department of Transportation’s (DOT) website, to be updated three times a year, which provides detailed information on each pending public-facing capital project under DOT’s jurisdiction. This tracker would not include any capital projects undertaken by DOT to address specific benchmarks included in any transportation master plan issued by DOT under section 19-199.1 of the Administrative Code. Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Not available Not available Int 1114-2024 * Julie Won   Requiring the commissioner of transportation to create an online capital project tracker. Introduction This bill would require the Commissioner of Transportation to create and maintain an online capital project tracker on the Department of Transportation’s (DOT) website, to be updated three times a year, which provides detailed information on each pending public-facing capital project under DOT’s jurisdiction. This tracker would not include any capital projects undertaken by DOT to address specific benchmarks included in any transportation master plan issued by DOT under section 19-199.1 of the Administrative Code. Amended by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 1114-2024 A Julie Won   Requiring the commissioner of transportation to create an online capital project tracker. Introduction This bill would require the Commissioner of Transportation to create and maintain an online capital project tracker on the Department of Transportation’s (DOT) website, to be updated three times a year, which provides detailed information on each pending public-facing capital project under DOT’s jurisdiction. This tracker would not include any capital projects undertaken by DOT to address specific benchmarks included in any transportation master plan issued by DOT under section 19-199.1 of the Administrative Code. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Not available Res 0059-2024 * Selvena N. Brooks-Powers  Proposed Res. No. 59-A MTA to conduct a comprehensive Environmental Impact Study on the viability of the proposed QueensLink project. Resolution  Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Res 0059-2024 * Selvena N. Brooks-Powers   MTA to conduct a comprehensive Environmental Impact Study on the viability of the proposed QueensLink project. Resolution  Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Not available Not available Res 0059-2024 * Selvena N. Brooks-Powers   MTA to conduct a comprehensive Environmental Impact Study on the viability of the proposed QueensLink project. Resolution  Amended by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Res 0059-2024 A Selvena N. Brooks-Powers   MTA to conduct a comprehensive Environmental Impact Study on the viability of the proposed QueensLink project. Resolution  Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Not available Res 0187-2024 * Kevin C. Riley   MTA to conduct a comprehensive Environmental Impact Statement for the proposed Gun Hill Road Electric Bus Depot Charging Facility. Resolution  Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Res 0187-2024 * Kevin C. Riley   MTA to conduct a comprehensive Environmental Impact Statement for the proposed Gun Hill Road Electric Bus Depot Charging Facility. Resolution  Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1283467&GUID=F8227367-4CAF-4260-8F65-0390DF827992 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1290364&GUID=4515D3E1-42F5-4AB9-A581-BC4FC59DB705 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=M&ID=1297219&GUID=8B05C649-F986-4A99-9657-3FB882434FC6 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1302698&GUID=A651B54A-11CA-4307-BB86-17ADD9CD9D6F ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1302713&GUID=2BD9766B-8263-4925-B417-E25AC8C88864&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Finance Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 5/21/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations. Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3461 * Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Oversight Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Finance Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 5/21/2025 10:00 AM 5/21/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations. Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations. Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 1 record 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3461 * Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Oversight Not available Not available T2025-3461 *    Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Oversight    Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1302689&GUID=7CA1122B-06F5-4549-9A85-AF52FFDF3319 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1290128&GUID=1D31A104-C57D-4163-B478-581C84CC0410&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Public Safety Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 4/28/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (5) 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3294 * Oversight - NYPD Parking and Traffic Enforcement. Oversight Not available Not available Int 0179-2024 * Oswald Feliz Police department tow pound capacity. Introduction This law would require the Police Department to operate tow pound facilities with sufficient capacity to meet a rate of vehicle towing necessary to deter illegal conduct.  The Police Department would also be responsible for issuing public reports on tow facility capacity and the Department’s utilization of vehicle towing in response to violations of traffic laws, rules, and regulations. Not available Not available Int 1252-2025 * Oswald Feliz Police department parking enforcement. Introduction This legislation would require the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to confirm the validity of license plates and vehicle identification numbers of all vehicles observed with temporary license plates, or otherwise subject to summons for any relevant traffic or parking violation. Additionally, the NYPD would be required to publish quarterly reports on parking enforcement conducted by the Department. Not available Not available Res 0853-2025 * Yusef Salaam Amend the vehicle and traffic law to permit a motor vehicle’s Vehicle Identification Number (VIN) to be listed in a “Notice of Violation,” instead of license plate number. Resolution Not available Not available Res 0854-2025 * Yusef Salaam Requiring the installation of intelligent speed assistance devices for repeated violation of maximum speed limits (S.7621/A.7979) Resolution Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Public Safety Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/28/2025 10:00 AM 4/28/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Council Chambers - City Hall Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (5) Meeting Items (5) Meeting Items (5) Meeting Items (5) 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 5 records 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3294 * Oversight - NYPD Parking and Traffic Enforcement. Oversight Not available Not available Int 0179-2024 * Oswald Feliz Police department tow pound capacity. Introduction This law would require the Police Department to operate tow pound facilities with sufficient capacity to meet a rate of vehicle towing necessary to deter illegal conduct.  The Police Department would also be responsible for issuing public reports on tow facility capacity and the Department’s utilization of vehicle towing in response to violations of traffic laws, rules, and regulations. Not available Not available Int 1252-2025 * Oswald Feliz Police department parking enforcement. Introduction This legislation would require the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to confirm the validity of license plates and vehicle identification numbers of all vehicles observed with temporary license plates, or otherwise subject to summons for any relevant traffic or parking violation. Additionally, the NYPD would be required to publish quarterly reports on parking enforcement conducted by the Department. Not available Not available Res 0853-2025 * Yusef Salaam Amend the vehicle and traffic law to permit a motor vehicle’s Vehicle Identification Number (VIN) to be listed in a “Notice of Violation,” instead of license plate number. Resolution Not available Not available Res 0854-2025 * Yusef Salaam Requiring the installation of intelligent speed assistance devices for repeated violation of maximum speed limits (S.7621/A.7979) Resolution Not available Not available T2025-3294 *    Oversight - NYPD Parking and Traffic Enforcement. Oversight    Not available Not available Not available Int 0179-2024 * Oswald Feliz   Police department tow pound capacity. Introduction This law would require the Police Department to operate tow pound facilities with sufficient capacity to meet a rate of vehicle towing necessary to deter illegal conduct.  The Police Department would also be responsible for issuing public reports on tow facility capacity and the Department’s utilization of vehicle towing in response to violations of traffic laws, rules, and regulations.   Not available Not available Not available Int 1252-2025 * Oswald Feliz   Police department parking enforcement. Introduction This legislation would require the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to confirm the validity of license plates and vehicle identification numbers of all vehicles observed with temporary license plates, or otherwise subject to summons for any relevant traffic or parking violation. Additionally, the NYPD would be required to publish quarterly reports on parking enforcement conducted by the Department.   Not available Not available Not available Res 0853-2025 * Yusef Salaam   Amend the vehicle and traffic law to permit a motor vehicle’s Vehicle Identification Number (VIN) to be listed in a “Notice of Violation,” instead of license plate number. Resolution    Not available Not available Not available Res 0854-2025 * Yusef Salaam   Requiring the installation of intelligent speed assistance devices for repeated violation of maximum speed limits (S.7621/A.7979) Resolution    Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1302699&GUID=B68C1BF9-996B-474D-ABEC-C0C70498BFA2&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Finance Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 5/19/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3454 * Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Oversight Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Finance Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 5/19/2025 10:00 AM 5/19/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 1 record 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3454 * Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Oversight Not available Not available T2025-3454 *    Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Oversight    Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1283468&GUID=22ACA77C-206F-48AB-88DC-4EB514E98D0D ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov#2025-04-17 ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## List View List View List View List View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Search: Search:  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive)  select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive) notes closed captions notes closed captions  *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. Help 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 845 records 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 City Council Stated Meeting 9/25/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 9/18/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 8/14/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 7/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/30/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 6/26/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Cooling centers. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/11/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/29/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Public Safety. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Safety Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/28/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Immigration 5/27/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Immigration Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Criminal Justice and the Committee on Immigration. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Criminal Justice 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Criminal Justice Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Health Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Hospitals Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Education. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Children and Youth Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on General Welfare. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on General Welfare 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - General Welfare Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 5/15/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Higher Education and the Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Higher Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Housing 5/14/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Housing Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Housing and Buildings and the Committee on Public Housing. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Housing and Buildings Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/13/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Parks and Recreation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Transportation and Infrastructure Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Parks and Recreation and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Aging 5/12/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Aging Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management and the Committee on Aging. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/6/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/1/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Establishing exemptions for third-party food delivery services from the limits on fees charged by such services on food service establishments. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Wildfire mitigation strategic planning report to mitigate wildfires in parks under the jurisdiction of the department of parks and recreation. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/1/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/1/2025   9:00 AM 9:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the department of education to report on school librarians and library access in New York city public schools. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/30/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Land Use 4/30/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Contracts 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Contracts Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Public Meeting Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 4/29/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Oversight - Removing Small Financial Barriers for CUNY Students. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Technology 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Veterans 4/28/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 4/24/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* New York City health care institutions to contract with industrial laundry companies that respect workers’ legal rights and adhere to area standards for wages and benefits. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Economic Development 4/24/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/24/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Veterans 4/23/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/23/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Land Use 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/17/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Women and Gender Equity. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil Service and Labor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Criminal Justice 4/16/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Aging 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with the Committee on Finance. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Immigration 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Immigration Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Housing 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Security Guards, Fire Guards, and NYCHA’s Oversight of Contractors. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video City Council Stated Meeting 4/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Technology 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the 311 customer service center to provide certain resources in response to tree pruning-related requests. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Fire and Emergency Management 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Flash flood preparedness outreach and evacuation guidance. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Long-term citywide bathroom strategy and to make other technical changes. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/10/2025   10:45 AM 10:45 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor VOTE* Prioritization of maintenance of trees adjacent to buildings and structures. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Safety 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/10/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/10/2025   9:30 AM 9:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video  previous day next day today Calendar Title and navigation Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << April 2025 S M T W T F S 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 April 2025   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30           Day Day Week Week Month Timeline Timeline Apr, 2025 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1302875&GUID=6D28C892-DD01-4EFB-9228-CC0A52509F31 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1302712&GUID=CC754748-604D-45F0-AF3C-26E6E136AB50 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1294398&GUID=025ED5E7-8223-49B7-B9A9-089285A7D76D ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1294262&GUID=0CC16764-030D-4D96-97A8-6894909A5B7E ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1289303&GUID=CF701F37-19DD-4B03-9725-2CFF856F3CF5&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Meeting Name: Committee on Aging Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 4/16/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Final Meeting location: Committee Room - City Hall Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Minutes Meeting video: Video Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (5) 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available T2025-3282 * Oversight - Adult Protective Services Referrals. Oversight Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available T2025-3282 * Oversight - Adult Protective Services Referrals. Oversight Filed, by Committee Action details Not available Res 0016-2024 * Vickie Paladino Increase personal needs allowance amounts for individuals who are deemed eligible (S.7786/A.8396). Resolution Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Res 0016-2024 * Vickie Paladino Increase personal needs allowance amounts for individuals who are deemed eligible (S.7786/A.8396). Resolution Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Aging Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/16/2025 10:00 AM 4/16/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Final Final  Meeting location: Meeting location: Committee Room - City Hall Committee Room - City Hall Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Minutes  Meeting video: Meeting video: Video Video  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (5) Meeting Items (5) Meeting Items (5) Meeting Items (5) 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 5 records 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available T2025-3282 * Oversight - Adult Protective Services Referrals. Oversight Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available T2025-3282 * Oversight - Adult Protective Services Referrals. Oversight Filed, by Committee Action details Not available Res 0016-2024 * Vickie Paladino Increase personal needs allowance amounts for individuals who are deemed eligible (S.7786/A.8396). Resolution Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Res 0016-2024 * Vickie Paladino Increase personal needs allowance amounts for individuals who are deemed eligible (S.7786/A.8396). Resolution Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available           Roll call Not available Not available T2025-3282 *    Oversight - Adult Protective Services Referrals. Oversight  Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available T2025-3282 *    Oversight - Adult Protective Services Referrals. Oversight  Filed, by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Res 0016-2024 * Vickie Paladino   Increase personal needs allowance amounts for individuals who are deemed eligible (S.7786/A.8396). Resolution  Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Res 0016-2024 * Vickie Paladino   Increase personal needs allowance amounts for individuals who are deemed eligible (S.7786/A.8396). Resolution  Laid Over by Committee  Action details Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1293477&GUID=45D397B5-BD64-4295-B4AD-F6164A80B14D ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov#2025-04-14 ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## List View List View List View List View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Search: Search:  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive)  select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive) notes closed captions notes closed captions  *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. Help 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 845 records 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 City Council Stated Meeting 9/25/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 9/18/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 8/14/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 7/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/30/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 6/26/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Cooling centers. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/11/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/29/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Public Safety. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Safety Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/28/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Immigration 5/27/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Immigration Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Criminal Justice and the Committee on Immigration. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Criminal Justice 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Criminal Justice Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Health Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Hospitals Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Education. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Children and Youth Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on General Welfare. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on General Welfare 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - General Welfare Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 5/15/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Higher Education and the Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Higher Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Housing 5/14/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Housing Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Housing and Buildings and the Committee on Public Housing. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Housing and Buildings Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/13/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Parks and Recreation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Transportation and Infrastructure Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Parks and Recreation and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Aging 5/12/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Aging Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management and the Committee on Aging. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/6/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/1/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Establishing exemptions for third-party food delivery services from the limits on fees charged by such services on food service establishments. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Wildfire mitigation strategic planning report to mitigate wildfires in parks under the jurisdiction of the department of parks and recreation. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/1/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/1/2025   9:00 AM 9:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the department of education to report on school librarians and library access in New York city public schools. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/30/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Land Use 4/30/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Contracts 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Contracts Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Public Meeting Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 4/29/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Oversight - Removing Small Financial Barriers for CUNY Students. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Technology 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Veterans 4/28/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 4/24/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* New York City health care institutions to contract with industrial laundry companies that respect workers’ legal rights and adhere to area standards for wages and benefits. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Economic Development 4/24/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/24/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Veterans 4/23/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/23/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Land Use 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/17/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Women and Gender Equity. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil Service and Labor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Criminal Justice 4/16/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Aging 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with the Committee on Finance. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Immigration 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Immigration Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Housing 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Security Guards, Fire Guards, and NYCHA’s Oversight of Contractors. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video City Council Stated Meeting 4/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Technology 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the 311 customer service center to provide certain resources in response to tree pruning-related requests. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Fire and Emergency Management 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Flash flood preparedness outreach and evacuation guidance. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Long-term citywide bathroom strategy and to make other technical changes. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/10/2025   10:45 AM 10:45 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor VOTE* Prioritization of maintenance of trees adjacent to buildings and structures. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Safety 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/10/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/10/2025   9:30 AM 9:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video  previous day next day today Calendar Title and navigation Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << April 2025 S M T W T F S 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 April 2025   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30           Day Day Week Week Month Timeline Timeline Apr, 2025 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1294370&GUID=A9828DA5-B463-479D-A78B-0D6E593E4392 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1302716&GUID=87BFB88A-A4C4-495C-9881-B00D0AE60E1F&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Finance Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 5/13/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Parks and Recreation and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3459 * Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Oversight Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Finance Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 5/13/2025 10:00 AM 5/13/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Parks and Recreation and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Parks and Recreation and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 1 record 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3459 * Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Oversight Not available Not available T2025-3459 *    Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Oversight    Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1303211&GUID=53F875DE-6C89-4793-A020-41698FD94400 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1302700&GUID=C4C1334A-A398-452C-BE50-234ECD71AF6E&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Finance Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 5/20/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Education. Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3457 * Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Oversight Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Finance Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 5/20/2025 10:00 AM 5/20/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Education. Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Education. Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 1 record 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3457 * Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Oversight Not available Not available T2025-3457 *    Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Oversight    Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1303045&GUID=4F729909-8E23-44A0-B029-29AB9342D45E ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=M&ID=1293224&GUID=97324AE1-C215-4083-9B90-3504365F52D7 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1283804&GUID=5F14FA65-A2EF-4DFC-AB50-047ADCCFB9B0 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1288264&GUID=57DD90C7-E93F-444A-A521-FE7363D1789D ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1282088&GUID=E2824A75-A403-4676-B229-C4ACA0808726&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting has been deferred. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Health Agenda status: Deferred Meeting date/time: 6/26/2025 Deferred Minutes status: Deferred Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Int 0998-2024 * Keith Powers Cooling centers. Introduction This bill would codify New York City’s (“City” or “NYC”) cooling center program. The bill would require the Commissioner of the NYC Office of Emergency Management (NYCEM) to designate the locations of cooling centers when there is a heat-related emergency, and requires, where practicable, the designation of no fewer than 7 cooling centers per 100,000 residents. When determining where to locate cooling centers in the city, the bill would require the NYCEM Commissioner to consider factors such as areas in which vulnerable populations reside as well as the heat vulnerability index. In addition, the bill would require NYCEM or the NYC Department of Health and Mental Hygiene (DOHMH) to post on its website any health alerts issued during a heat-related emergency. The bill would also require NYCEM to submit a comprehensive cooling and communication plan on or before May 15, 2026, as well as an annual report detailing the City’s efforts to inform the public about the availability and benefits of cooling centers, with recommendations on how to increase accessibility. Finally, the bill would require that NYCEM provide information for the public on how to submit feedback about their experiences at cooling centers, and to report any challenges with accessing such centers. Action details Not available Please note: this meeting has been deferred. Please note: this meeting has been deferred. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Health Agenda status: Agenda status: Deferred Deferred Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 6/26/2025 Deferred 6/26/2025 Deferred Minutes status: Minutes status: Deferred Deferred  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Council Chambers - City Hall Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 1 record 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Int 0998-2024 * Keith Powers Cooling centers. Introduction This bill would codify New York City’s (“City” or “NYC”) cooling center program. The bill would require the Commissioner of the NYC Office of Emergency Management (NYCEM) to designate the locations of cooling centers when there is a heat-related emergency, and requires, where practicable, the designation of no fewer than 7 cooling centers per 100,000 residents. When determining where to locate cooling centers in the city, the bill would require the NYCEM Commissioner to consider factors such as areas in which vulnerable populations reside as well as the heat vulnerability index. In addition, the bill would require NYCEM or the NYC Department of Health and Mental Hygiene (DOHMH) to post on its website any health alerts issued during a heat-related emergency. The bill would also require NYCEM to submit a comprehensive cooling and communication plan on or before May 15, 2026, as well as an annual report detailing the City’s efforts to inform the public about the availability and benefits of cooling centers, with recommendations on how to increase accessibility. Finally, the bill would require that NYCEM provide information for the public on how to submit feedback about their experiences at cooling centers, and to report any challenges with accessing such centers. Action details Not available Int 0998-2024 * Keith Powers   Cooling centers. Introduction This bill would codify New York City’s (“City” or “NYC”) cooling center program. The bill would require the Commissioner of the NYC Office of Emergency Management (NYCEM) to designate the locations of cooling centers when there is a heat-related emergency, and requires, where practicable, the designation of no fewer than 7 cooling centers per 100,000 residents. When determining where to locate cooling centers in the city, the bill would require the NYCEM Commissioner to consider factors such as areas in which vulnerable populations reside as well as the heat vulnerability index. In addition, the bill would require NYCEM or the NYC Department of Health and Mental Hygiene (DOHMH) to post on its website any health alerts issued during a heat-related emergency. The bill would also require NYCEM to submit a comprehensive cooling and communication plan on or before May 15, 2026, as well as an annual report detailing the City’s efforts to inform the public about the availability and benefits of cooling centers, with recommendations on how to increase accessibility. Finally, the bill would require that NYCEM provide information for the public on how to submit feedback about their experiences at cooling centers, and to report any challenges with accessing such centers.   Action details Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1294476&GUID=F7152D43-AF99-4B66-B23B-226F334DDF56&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 4/30/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3385 * Public Meeting Oversight Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/30/2025 10:00 AM 4/30/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments:   Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 1 record 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3385 * Public Meeting Oversight Not available Not available T2025-3385 *    Public Meeting Oversight    Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov#2025-04-21 ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## List View List View List View List View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Search: Search:  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive)  select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive) notes closed captions notes closed captions  *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. Help 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 845 records 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 City Council Stated Meeting 9/25/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 9/18/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 8/14/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 7/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/30/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 6/26/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Cooling centers. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/11/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/29/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Public Safety. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Safety Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/28/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Immigration 5/27/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Immigration Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Criminal Justice and the Committee on Immigration. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Criminal Justice 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Criminal Justice Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Health Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Hospitals Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Education. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Children and Youth Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on General Welfare. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on General Welfare 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - General Welfare Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 5/15/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Higher Education and the Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Higher Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Housing 5/14/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Housing Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Housing and Buildings and the Committee on Public Housing. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Housing and Buildings Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/13/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Parks and Recreation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Transportation and Infrastructure Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Parks and Recreation and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Aging 5/12/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Aging Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management and the Committee on Aging. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/6/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/1/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Establishing exemptions for third-party food delivery services from the limits on fees charged by such services on food service establishments. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Wildfire mitigation strategic planning report to mitigate wildfires in parks under the jurisdiction of the department of parks and recreation. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/1/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/1/2025   9:00 AM 9:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the department of education to report on school librarians and library access in New York city public schools. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/30/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Land Use 4/30/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Contracts 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Contracts Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Public Meeting Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 4/29/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Oversight - Removing Small Financial Barriers for CUNY Students. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Technology 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Veterans 4/28/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 4/24/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* New York City health care institutions to contract with industrial laundry companies that respect workers’ legal rights and adhere to area standards for wages and benefits. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Economic Development 4/24/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/24/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Veterans 4/23/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/23/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Land Use 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/17/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Women and Gender Equity. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil Service and Labor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Criminal Justice 4/16/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Aging 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with the Committee on Finance. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Immigration 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Immigration Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Housing 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Security Guards, Fire Guards, and NYCHA’s Oversight of Contractors. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video City Council Stated Meeting 4/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Technology 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the 311 customer service center to provide certain resources in response to tree pruning-related requests. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Fire and Emergency Management 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Flash flood preparedness outreach and evacuation guidance. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Long-term citywide bathroom strategy and to make other technical changes. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/10/2025   10:45 AM 10:45 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor VOTE* Prioritization of maintenance of trees adjacent to buildings and structures. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Safety 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/10/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/10/2025   9:30 AM 9:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video  previous day next day today Calendar Title and navigation Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << April 2025 S M T W T F S 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 April 2025   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30           Day Day Week Week Month Timeline Timeline Apr, 2025 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=M&ID=1283804&GUID=5F14FA65-A2EF-4DFC-AB50-047ADCCFB9B0 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1284781&GUID=BEEC42C0-9FF3-49E8-BD3F-2DD93DE25819 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1302877&GUID=1057C13D-4B84-4FFC-B521-8D714731BA33 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1294261&GUID=3EBA43BB-48B4-4A89-9EA0-F957139731B5&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Meeting Name: Committee on Public Safety Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 4/10/2025 10:30 AM Minutes status: Final Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Minutes Meeting video: Video Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (13) 13 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available Int 0168-2024 * Amanda Farías Proposed Int. No. 168-A Department of investigation’s oversight of the police department use of surveillance technology. Introduction The Public Oversight of Surveillance Technology (POST) Act was enacted by City Council in 2020 and requires the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to evaluate and report on surveillance technologies used by the Department. This legislation would add new provisions to the law which would require that the NYPD, upon request, provide the Department of Investigation (DOI) with an itemized list of all surveillance technologies currently used by the Department, and provide information on all data access and retention policies for data collected by such technologies. In addition, the legislation requires that the NYPD provide DOI with semiannual updates on all newly acquired or discontinued surveillance technologies and updates to any data access and retention policies established in recently executed contracts for surveillance technologies. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0168-2024 * Amanda Farías Department of investigation’s oversight of the police department use of surveillance technology. Introduction The Public Oversight of Surveillance Technology (POST) Act was enacted by City Council in 2020 and requires the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to evaluate and report on surveillance technologies used by the Department. This legislation would add new provisions to the law which would require that the NYPD, upon request, provide the Department of Investigation (DOI) with an itemized list of all surveillance technologies currently used by the Department, and provide information on all data access and retention policies for data collected by such technologies. In addition, the legislation requires that the NYPD provide DOI with semiannual updates on all newly acquired or discontinued surveillance technologies and updates to any data access and retention policies established in recently executed contracts for surveillance technologies. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 0168-2024 * Amanda Farías Department of investigation’s oversight of the police department use of surveillance technology. Introduction The Public Oversight of Surveillance Technology (POST) Act was enacted by City Council in 2020 and requires the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to evaluate and report on surveillance technologies used by the Department. This legislation would add new provisions to the law which would require that the NYPD, upon request, provide the Department of Investigation (DOI) with an itemized list of all surveillance technologies currently used by the Department, and provide information on all data access and retention policies for data collected by such technologies. In addition, the legislation requires that the NYPD provide DOI with semiannual updates on all newly acquired or discontinued surveillance technologies and updates to any data access and retention policies established in recently executed contracts for surveillance technologies. Amended by Committee Action details Not available Int 0168-2024 A Amanda Farías Department of investigation’s oversight of the police department use of surveillance technology. Introduction The Public Oversight of Surveillance Technology (POST) Act was enacted by City Council in 2020 and requires the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to evaluate and report on surveillance technologies used by the Department. This legislation would add new provisions to the law which would require that the NYPD, upon request, provide the Department of Investigation (DOI) with an itemized list of all surveillance technologies currently used by the Department, and provide information on all data access and retention policies for data collected by such technologies. In addition, the legislation requires that the NYPD provide DOI with semiannual updates on all newly acquired or discontinued surveillance technologies and updates to any data access and retention policies established in recently executed contracts for surveillance technologies. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Int 0233-2024 * Crystal Hudson Proposed Int. No. 233-A Establishment of a police department policy for using facial recognition technology and regular audits to ensure compliance. Introduction This legislation would require the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to publish on its website a written policy that establishes procedures and regulations for the Department’s use of facial recognition technologies. The legislation would also require that the NYPD conduct an annual audit of the Department’s use of facial recognition technology, share the findings of such audit with the Department of Investigation, and post such findings on the Department’s website. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0233-2024 * Crystal Hudson Establishment of a police department policy for using facial recognition technology and regular audits to ensure compliance. Introduction This legislation would require the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to publish on its website a written policy that establishes procedures and regulations for the Department’s use of facial recognition technologies. The legislation would also require that the NYPD conduct an annual audit of the Department’s use of facial recognition technology, share the findings of such audit with the Department of Investigation, and post such findings on the Department’s website. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 0233-2024 * Crystal Hudson Establishment of a police department policy for using facial recognition technology and regular audits to ensure compliance. Introduction This legislation would require the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to publish on its website a written policy that establishes procedures and regulations for the Department’s use of facial recognition technologies. The legislation would also require that the NYPD conduct an annual audit of the Department’s use of facial recognition technology, share the findings of such audit with the Department of Investigation, and post such findings on the Department’s website. Amended by Committee Action details Not available Int 0233-2024 A Crystal Hudson Establishment of a police department policy for using facial recognition technology and regular audits to ensure compliance. Introduction This legislation would require the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to publish on its website a written policy that establishes procedures and regulations for the Department’s use of facial recognition technologies. The legislation would also require that the NYPD conduct an annual audit of the Department’s use of facial recognition technology, share the findings of such audit with the Department of Investigation, and post such findings on the Department’s website. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Int 0480-2024 * Julie Won Proposed Int. No. 480-A Police department transparency in the use of surveillance technology. Introduction The Public Oversight of Surveillance Technology (POST) Act was enacted by the City Council in 2020 and requires the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to evaluate and report on surveillance technologies used by the Department. This legislation would clarify language in existing law to ensure increased transparency in NYPD’s required “Impact and Use Policies” (IUPs), specifically requiring: (1) that NYPD publishes IUPs for each distinct surveillance technology used by the Department; (2) that such IUPs fully identify each external entity by name that receives data gathered from such technology; (3) that such IUPs report on specific safeguards in place to prevent unauthorized dissemination of surveillance data; and (4) that such IUPs disclose evaluation of potential disparate impacts on protected groups arising from the NYPD’s use of such technologies. Additionally, NYPD would be required to develop policies regarding the circumstances under which any local, state, or federal government agency has access to data collected by the department using surveillance technology; and develop an internal tracking system to monitor instances where external entities are provided access to data gathered by surveillance technologeis. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0480-2024 * Julie Won Police department transparency in the use of surveillance technology. Introduction The Public Oversight of Surveillance Technology (POST) Act was enacted by the City Council in 2020 and requires the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to evaluate and report on surveillance technologies used by the Department. This legislation would clarify language in existing law to ensure increased transparency in NYPD’s required “Impact and Use Policies” (IUPs), specifically requiring: (1) that NYPD publishes IUPs for each distinct surveillance technology used by the Department; (2) that such IUPs fully identify each external entity by name that receives data gathered from such technology; (3) that such IUPs report on specific safeguards in place to prevent unauthorized dissemination of surveillance data; and (4) that such IUPs disclose evaluation of potential disparate impacts on protected groups arising from the NYPD’s use of such technologies. Additionally, NYPD would be required to develop policies regarding the circumstances under which any local, state, or federal government agency has access to data collected by the department using surveillance technology; and develop an internal tracking system to monitor instances where external entities are provided access to data gathered by surveillance technologeis. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 0480-2024 * Julie Won Police department transparency in the use of surveillance technology. Introduction The Public Oversight of Surveillance Technology (POST) Act was enacted by the City Council in 2020 and requires the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to evaluate and report on surveillance technologies used by the Department. This legislation would clarify language in existing law to ensure increased transparency in NYPD’s required “Impact and Use Policies” (IUPs), specifically requiring: (1) that NYPD publishes IUPs for each distinct surveillance technology used by the Department; (2) that such IUPs fully identify each external entity by name that receives data gathered from such technology; (3) that such IUPs report on specific safeguards in place to prevent unauthorized dissemination of surveillance data; and (4) that such IUPs disclose evaluation of potential disparate impacts on protected groups arising from the NYPD’s use of such technologies. Additionally, NYPD would be required to develop policies regarding the circumstances under which any local, state, or federal government agency has access to data collected by the department using surveillance technology; and develop an internal tracking system to monitor instances where external entities are provided access to data gathered by surveillance technologeis. Amended by Committee Action details Not available Int 0480-2024 A Julie Won Police department transparency in the use of surveillance technology. Introduction The Public Oversight of Surveillance Technology (POST) Act was enacted by the City Council in 2020 and requires the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to evaluate and report on surveillance technologies used by the Department. This legislation would clarify language in existing law to ensure increased transparency in NYPD’s required “Impact and Use Policies” (IUPs), specifically requiring: (1) that NYPD publishes IUPs for each distinct surveillance technology used by the Department; (2) that such IUPs fully identify each external entity by name that receives data gathered from such technology; (3) that such IUPs report on specific safeguards in place to prevent unauthorized dissemination of surveillance data; and (4) that such IUPs disclose evaluation of potential disparate impacts on protected groups arising from the NYPD’s use of such technologies. Additionally, NYPD would be required to develop policies regarding the circumstances under which any local, state, or federal government agency has access to data collected by the department using surveillance technology; and develop an internal tracking system to monitor instances where external entities are provided access to data gathered by surveillance technologeis. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Public Safety Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/10/2025 10:30 AM 4/10/2025 10:30 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Final Final  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Minutes  Meeting video: Meeting video: Video Video  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (13) Meeting Items (13) Meeting Items (13) Meeting Items (13) 13 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 13 records 13 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available Int 0168-2024 * Amanda Farías Proposed Int. No. 168-A Department of investigation’s oversight of the police department use of surveillance technology. Introduction The Public Oversight of Surveillance Technology (POST) Act was enacted by City Council in 2020 and requires the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to evaluate and report on surveillance technologies used by the Department. This legislation would add new provisions to the law which would require that the NYPD, upon request, provide the Department of Investigation (DOI) with an itemized list of all surveillance technologies currently used by the Department, and provide information on all data access and retention policies for data collected by such technologies. In addition, the legislation requires that the NYPD provide DOI with semiannual updates on all newly acquired or discontinued surveillance technologies and updates to any data access and retention policies established in recently executed contracts for surveillance technologies. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0168-2024 * Amanda Farías Department of investigation’s oversight of the police department use of surveillance technology. Introduction The Public Oversight of Surveillance Technology (POST) Act was enacted by City Council in 2020 and requires the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to evaluate and report on surveillance technologies used by the Department. This legislation would add new provisions to the law which would require that the NYPD, upon request, provide the Department of Investigation (DOI) with an itemized list of all surveillance technologies currently used by the Department, and provide information on all data access and retention policies for data collected by such technologies. In addition, the legislation requires that the NYPD provide DOI with semiannual updates on all newly acquired or discontinued surveillance technologies and updates to any data access and retention policies established in recently executed contracts for surveillance technologies. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 0168-2024 * Amanda Farías Department of investigation’s oversight of the police department use of surveillance technology. Introduction The Public Oversight of Surveillance Technology (POST) Act was enacted by City Council in 2020 and requires the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to evaluate and report on surveillance technologies used by the Department. This legislation would add new provisions to the law which would require that the NYPD, upon request, provide the Department of Investigation (DOI) with an itemized list of all surveillance technologies currently used by the Department, and provide information on all data access and retention policies for data collected by such technologies. In addition, the legislation requires that the NYPD provide DOI with semiannual updates on all newly acquired or discontinued surveillance technologies and updates to any data access and retention policies established in recently executed contracts for surveillance technologies. Amended by Committee Action details Not available Int 0168-2024 A Amanda Farías Department of investigation’s oversight of the police department use of surveillance technology. Introduction The Public Oversight of Surveillance Technology (POST) Act was enacted by City Council in 2020 and requires the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to evaluate and report on surveillance technologies used by the Department. This legislation would add new provisions to the law which would require that the NYPD, upon request, provide the Department of Investigation (DOI) with an itemized list of all surveillance technologies currently used by the Department, and provide information on all data access and retention policies for data collected by such technologies. In addition, the legislation requires that the NYPD provide DOI with semiannual updates on all newly acquired or discontinued surveillance technologies and updates to any data access and retention policies established in recently executed contracts for surveillance technologies. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Int 0233-2024 * Crystal Hudson Proposed Int. No. 233-A Establishment of a police department policy for using facial recognition technology and regular audits to ensure compliance. Introduction This legislation would require the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to publish on its website a written policy that establishes procedures and regulations for the Department’s use of facial recognition technologies. The legislation would also require that the NYPD conduct an annual audit of the Department’s use of facial recognition technology, share the findings of such audit with the Department of Investigation, and post such findings on the Department’s website. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0233-2024 * Crystal Hudson Establishment of a police department policy for using facial recognition technology and regular audits to ensure compliance. Introduction This legislation would require the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to publish on its website a written policy that establishes procedures and regulations for the Department’s use of facial recognition technologies. The legislation would also require that the NYPD conduct an annual audit of the Department’s use of facial recognition technology, share the findings of such audit with the Department of Investigation, and post such findings on the Department’s website. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 0233-2024 * Crystal Hudson Establishment of a police department policy for using facial recognition technology and regular audits to ensure compliance. Introduction This legislation would require the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to publish on its website a written policy that establishes procedures and regulations for the Department’s use of facial recognition technologies. The legislation would also require that the NYPD conduct an annual audit of the Department’s use of facial recognition technology, share the findings of such audit with the Department of Investigation, and post such findings on the Department’s website. Amended by Committee Action details Not available Int 0233-2024 A Crystal Hudson Establishment of a police department policy for using facial recognition technology and regular audits to ensure compliance. Introduction This legislation would require the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to publish on its website a written policy that establishes procedures and regulations for the Department’s use of facial recognition technologies. The legislation would also require that the NYPD conduct an annual audit of the Department’s use of facial recognition technology, share the findings of such audit with the Department of Investigation, and post such findings on the Department’s website. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Int 0480-2024 * Julie Won Proposed Int. No. 480-A Police department transparency in the use of surveillance technology. Introduction The Public Oversight of Surveillance Technology (POST) Act was enacted by the City Council in 2020 and requires the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to evaluate and report on surveillance technologies used by the Department. This legislation would clarify language in existing law to ensure increased transparency in NYPD’s required “Impact and Use Policies” (IUPs), specifically requiring: (1) that NYPD publishes IUPs for each distinct surveillance technology used by the Department; (2) that such IUPs fully identify each external entity by name that receives data gathered from such technology; (3) that such IUPs report on specific safeguards in place to prevent unauthorized dissemination of surveillance data; and (4) that such IUPs disclose evaluation of potential disparate impacts on protected groups arising from the NYPD’s use of such technologies. Additionally, NYPD would be required to develop policies regarding the circumstances under which any local, state, or federal government agency has access to data collected by the department using surveillance technology; and develop an internal tracking system to monitor instances where external entities are provided access to data gathered by surveillance technologeis. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0480-2024 * Julie Won Police department transparency in the use of surveillance technology. Introduction The Public Oversight of Surveillance Technology (POST) Act was enacted by the City Council in 2020 and requires the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to evaluate and report on surveillance technologies used by the Department. This legislation would clarify language in existing law to ensure increased transparency in NYPD’s required “Impact and Use Policies” (IUPs), specifically requiring: (1) that NYPD publishes IUPs for each distinct surveillance technology used by the Department; (2) that such IUPs fully identify each external entity by name that receives data gathered from such technology; (3) that such IUPs report on specific safeguards in place to prevent unauthorized dissemination of surveillance data; and (4) that such IUPs disclose evaluation of potential disparate impacts on protected groups arising from the NYPD’s use of such technologies. Additionally, NYPD would be required to develop policies regarding the circumstances under which any local, state, or federal government agency has access to data collected by the department using surveillance technology; and develop an internal tracking system to monitor instances where external entities are provided access to data gathered by surveillance technologeis. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 0480-2024 * Julie Won Police department transparency in the use of surveillance technology. Introduction The Public Oversight of Surveillance Technology (POST) Act was enacted by the City Council in 2020 and requires the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to evaluate and report on surveillance technologies used by the Department. This legislation would clarify language in existing law to ensure increased transparency in NYPD’s required “Impact and Use Policies” (IUPs), specifically requiring: (1) that NYPD publishes IUPs for each distinct surveillance technology used by the Department; (2) that such IUPs fully identify each external entity by name that receives data gathered from such technology; (3) that such IUPs report on specific safeguards in place to prevent unauthorized dissemination of surveillance data; and (4) that such IUPs disclose evaluation of potential disparate impacts on protected groups arising from the NYPD’s use of such technologies. Additionally, NYPD would be required to develop policies regarding the circumstances under which any local, state, or federal government agency has access to data collected by the department using surveillance technology; and develop an internal tracking system to monitor instances where external entities are provided access to data gathered by surveillance technologeis. Amended by Committee Action details Not available Int 0480-2024 A Julie Won Police department transparency in the use of surveillance technology. Introduction The Public Oversight of Surveillance Technology (POST) Act was enacted by the City Council in 2020 and requires the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to evaluate and report on surveillance technologies used by the Department. This legislation would clarify language in existing law to ensure increased transparency in NYPD’s required “Impact and Use Policies” (IUPs), specifically requiring: (1) that NYPD publishes IUPs for each distinct surveillance technology used by the Department; (2) that such IUPs fully identify each external entity by name that receives data gathered from such technology; (3) that such IUPs report on specific safeguards in place to prevent unauthorized dissemination of surveillance data; and (4) that such IUPs disclose evaluation of potential disparate impacts on protected groups arising from the NYPD’s use of such technologies. Additionally, NYPD would be required to develop policies regarding the circumstances under which any local, state, or federal government agency has access to data collected by the department using surveillance technology; and develop an internal tracking system to monitor instances where external entities are provided access to data gathered by surveillance technologeis. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available           Roll call Not available Not available Int 0168-2024 * Amanda Farías  Proposed Int. No. 168-A Department of investigation’s oversight of the police department use of surveillance technology. Introduction The Public Oversight of Surveillance Technology (POST) Act was enacted by City Council in 2020 and requires the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to evaluate and report on surveillance technologies used by the Department. This legislation would add new provisions to the law which would require that the NYPD, upon request, provide the Department of Investigation (DOI) with an itemized list of all surveillance technologies currently used by the Department, and provide information on all data access and retention policies for data collected by such technologies. In addition, the legislation requires that the NYPD provide DOI with semiannual updates on all newly acquired or discontinued surveillance technologies and updates to any data access and retention policies established in recently executed contracts for surveillance technologies. Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0168-2024 * Amanda Farías   Department of investigation’s oversight of the police department use of surveillance technology. Introduction The Public Oversight of Surveillance Technology (POST) Act was enacted by City Council in 2020 and requires the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to evaluate and report on surveillance technologies used by the Department. This legislation would add new provisions to the law which would require that the NYPD, upon request, provide the Department of Investigation (DOI) with an itemized list of all surveillance technologies currently used by the Department, and provide information on all data access and retention policies for data collected by such technologies. In addition, the legislation requires that the NYPD provide DOI with semiannual updates on all newly acquired or discontinued surveillance technologies and updates to any data access and retention policies established in recently executed contracts for surveillance technologies. Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Not available Not available Int 0168-2024 * Amanda Farías   Department of investigation’s oversight of the police department use of surveillance technology. Introduction The Public Oversight of Surveillance Technology (POST) Act was enacted by City Council in 2020 and requires the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to evaluate and report on surveillance technologies used by the Department. This legislation would add new provisions to the law which would require that the NYPD, upon request, provide the Department of Investigation (DOI) with an itemized list of all surveillance technologies currently used by the Department, and provide information on all data access and retention policies for data collected by such technologies. In addition, the legislation requires that the NYPD provide DOI with semiannual updates on all newly acquired or discontinued surveillance technologies and updates to any data access and retention policies established in recently executed contracts for surveillance technologies. Amended by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0168-2024 A Amanda Farías   Department of investigation’s oversight of the police department use of surveillance technology. Introduction The Public Oversight of Surveillance Technology (POST) Act was enacted by City Council in 2020 and requires the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to evaluate and report on surveillance technologies used by the Department. This legislation would add new provisions to the law which would require that the NYPD, upon request, provide the Department of Investigation (DOI) with an itemized list of all surveillance technologies currently used by the Department, and provide information on all data access and retention policies for data collected by such technologies. In addition, the legislation requires that the NYPD provide DOI with semiannual updates on all newly acquired or discontinued surveillance technologies and updates to any data access and retention policies established in recently executed contracts for surveillance technologies. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Not available Int 0233-2024 * Crystal Hudson  Proposed Int. No. 233-A Establishment of a police department policy for using facial recognition technology and regular audits to ensure compliance. Introduction This legislation would require the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to publish on its website a written policy that establishes procedures and regulations for the Department’s use of facial recognition technologies. The legislation would also require that the NYPD conduct an annual audit of the Department’s use of facial recognition technology, share the findings of such audit with the Department of Investigation, and post such findings on the Department’s website. Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0233-2024 * Crystal Hudson   Establishment of a police department policy for using facial recognition technology and regular audits to ensure compliance. Introduction This legislation would require the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to publish on its website a written policy that establishes procedures and regulations for the Department’s use of facial recognition technologies. The legislation would also require that the NYPD conduct an annual audit of the Department’s use of facial recognition technology, share the findings of such audit with the Department of Investigation, and post such findings on the Department’s website. Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Not available Not available Int 0233-2024 * Crystal Hudson   Establishment of a police department policy for using facial recognition technology and regular audits to ensure compliance. Introduction This legislation would require the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to publish on its website a written policy that establishes procedures and regulations for the Department’s use of facial recognition technologies. The legislation would also require that the NYPD conduct an annual audit of the Department’s use of facial recognition technology, share the findings of such audit with the Department of Investigation, and post such findings on the Department’s website. Amended by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0233-2024 A Crystal Hudson   Establishment of a police department policy for using facial recognition technology and regular audits to ensure compliance. Introduction This legislation would require the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to publish on its website a written policy that establishes procedures and regulations for the Department’s use of facial recognition technologies. The legislation would also require that the NYPD conduct an annual audit of the Department’s use of facial recognition technology, share the findings of such audit with the Department of Investigation, and post such findings on the Department’s website. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Not available Int 0480-2024 * Julie Won  Proposed Int. No. 480-A Police department transparency in the use of surveillance technology. Introduction The Public Oversight of Surveillance Technology (POST) Act was enacted by the City Council in 2020 and requires the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to evaluate and report on surveillance technologies used by the Department. This legislation would clarify language in existing law to ensure increased transparency in NYPD’s required “Impact and Use Policies” (IUPs), specifically requiring: (1) that NYPD publishes IUPs for each distinct surveillance technology used by the Department; (2) that such IUPs fully identify each external entity by name that receives data gathered from such technology; (3) that such IUPs report on specific safeguards in place to prevent unauthorized dissemination of surveillance data; and (4) that such IUPs disclose evaluation of potential disparate impacts on protected groups arising from the NYPD’s use of such technologies. Additionally, NYPD would be required to develop policies regarding the circumstances under which any local, state, or federal government agency has access to data collected by the department using surveillance technology; and develop an internal tracking system to monitor instances where external entities are provided access to data gathered by surveillance technologeis. Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0480-2024 * Julie Won   Police department transparency in the use of surveillance technology. Introduction The Public Oversight of Surveillance Technology (POST) Act was enacted by the City Council in 2020 and requires the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to evaluate and report on surveillance technologies used by the Department. This legislation would clarify language in existing law to ensure increased transparency in NYPD’s required “Impact and Use Policies” (IUPs), specifically requiring: (1) that NYPD publishes IUPs for each distinct surveillance technology used by the Department; (2) that such IUPs fully identify each external entity by name that receives data gathered from such technology; (3) that such IUPs report on specific safeguards in place to prevent unauthorized dissemination of surveillance data; and (4) that such IUPs disclose evaluation of potential disparate impacts on protected groups arising from the NYPD’s use of such technologies. Additionally, NYPD would be required to develop policies regarding the circumstances under which any local, state, or federal government agency has access to data collected by the department using surveillance technology; and develop an internal tracking system to monitor instances where external entities are provided access to data gathered by surveillance technologeis. Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Not available Not available Int 0480-2024 * Julie Won   Police department transparency in the use of surveillance technology. Introduction The Public Oversight of Surveillance Technology (POST) Act was enacted by the City Council in 2020 and requires the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to evaluate and report on surveillance technologies used by the Department. This legislation would clarify language in existing law to ensure increased transparency in NYPD’s required “Impact and Use Policies” (IUPs), specifically requiring: (1) that NYPD publishes IUPs for each distinct surveillance technology used by the Department; (2) that such IUPs fully identify each external entity by name that receives data gathered from such technology; (3) that such IUPs report on specific safeguards in place to prevent unauthorized dissemination of surveillance data; and (4) that such IUPs disclose evaluation of potential disparate impacts on protected groups arising from the NYPD’s use of such technologies. Additionally, NYPD would be required to develop policies regarding the circumstances under which any local, state, or federal government agency has access to data collected by the department using surveillance technology; and develop an internal tracking system to monitor instances where external entities are provided access to data gathered by surveillance technologeis. Amended by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0480-2024 A Julie Won   Police department transparency in the use of surveillance technology. Introduction The Public Oversight of Surveillance Technology (POST) Act was enacted by the City Council in 2020 and requires the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to evaluate and report on surveillance technologies used by the Department. This legislation would clarify language in existing law to ensure increased transparency in NYPD’s required “Impact and Use Policies” (IUPs), specifically requiring: (1) that NYPD publishes IUPs for each distinct surveillance technology used by the Department; (2) that such IUPs fully identify each external entity by name that receives data gathered from such technology; (3) that such IUPs report on specific safeguards in place to prevent unauthorized dissemination of surveillance data; and (4) that such IUPs disclose evaluation of potential disparate impacts on protected groups arising from the NYPD’s use of such technologies. Additionally, NYPD would be required to develop policies regarding the circumstances under which any local, state, or federal government agency has access to data collected by the department using surveillance technology; and develop an internal tracking system to monitor instances where external entities are provided access to data gathered by surveillance technologeis. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1294398&GUID=025ED5E7-8223-49B7-B9A9-089285A7D76D&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Meeting Name: Committee on Technology Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 4/10/2025 11:30 AM Minutes status: Final Meeting location: Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Minutes Meeting video: Video Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (5) 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available Int 0978-2024 * Nantasha M. Williams Proposed Int. No. 978-A Requiring the 311 customer service center to provide certain resources in response to tree pruning-related requests. Introduction This bill would require the 311 Customer Service Center, in coordination with the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR), to provide 311 customers who file tree pruning-related service requests or information requests with online links to a map concerning tree inspections that is maintained by DPR as required by law, any map maintained by DPR that displays tree pruning schedules, and any informational webpage maintained by DPR on tree pruning. The 311 Customer Service Center would also have to provide these customers with any available informational resources concerning opportunities to receive volunteer certification in the pruning of street trees in New York City. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0978-2024 * Nantasha M. Williams Requiring the 311 customer service center to provide certain resources in response to tree pruning-related requests. Introduction This bill would require the 311 Customer Service Center, in coordination with the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR), to provide 311 customers who file tree pruning-related service requests or information requests with online links to a map concerning tree inspections that is maintained by DPR as required by law, any map maintained by DPR that displays tree pruning schedules, and any informational webpage maintained by DPR on tree pruning. The 311 Customer Service Center would also have to provide these customers with any available informational resources concerning opportunities to receive volunteer certification in the pruning of street trees in New York City. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 0978-2024 * Nantasha M. Williams Requiring the 311 customer service center to provide certain resources in response to tree pruning-related requests. Introduction This bill would require the 311 Customer Service Center, in coordination with the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR), to provide 311 customers who file tree pruning-related service requests or information requests with online links to a map concerning tree inspections that is maintained by DPR as required by law, any map maintained by DPR that displays tree pruning schedules, and any informational webpage maintained by DPR on tree pruning. The 311 Customer Service Center would also have to provide these customers with any available informational resources concerning opportunities to receive volunteer certification in the pruning of street trees in New York City. Amended by Committee Action details Not available Int 0978-2024 A Nantasha M. Williams Requiring the 311 customer service center to provide certain resources in response to tree pruning-related requests. Introduction This bill would require the 311 Customer Service Center, in coordination with the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR), to provide 311 customers who file tree pruning-related service requests or information requests with online links to a map concerning tree inspections that is maintained by DPR as required by law, any map maintained by DPR that displays tree pruning schedules, and any informational webpage maintained by DPR on tree pruning. The 311 Customer Service Center would also have to provide these customers with any available informational resources concerning opportunities to receive volunteer certification in the pruning of street trees in New York City. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Technology Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/10/2025 11:30 AM 4/10/2025 11:30 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Final Final  Meeting location: Meeting location: Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Minutes  Meeting video: Meeting video: Video Video  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (5) Meeting Items (5) Meeting Items (5) Meeting Items (5) 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 5 records 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available Int 0978-2024 * Nantasha M. Williams Proposed Int. No. 978-A Requiring the 311 customer service center to provide certain resources in response to tree pruning-related requests. Introduction This bill would require the 311 Customer Service Center, in coordination with the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR), to provide 311 customers who file tree pruning-related service requests or information requests with online links to a map concerning tree inspections that is maintained by DPR as required by law, any map maintained by DPR that displays tree pruning schedules, and any informational webpage maintained by DPR on tree pruning. The 311 Customer Service Center would also have to provide these customers with any available informational resources concerning opportunities to receive volunteer certification in the pruning of street trees in New York City. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0978-2024 * Nantasha M. Williams Requiring the 311 customer service center to provide certain resources in response to tree pruning-related requests. Introduction This bill would require the 311 Customer Service Center, in coordination with the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR), to provide 311 customers who file tree pruning-related service requests or information requests with online links to a map concerning tree inspections that is maintained by DPR as required by law, any map maintained by DPR that displays tree pruning schedules, and any informational webpage maintained by DPR on tree pruning. The 311 Customer Service Center would also have to provide these customers with any available informational resources concerning opportunities to receive volunteer certification in the pruning of street trees in New York City. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 0978-2024 * Nantasha M. Williams Requiring the 311 customer service center to provide certain resources in response to tree pruning-related requests. Introduction This bill would require the 311 Customer Service Center, in coordination with the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR), to provide 311 customers who file tree pruning-related service requests or information requests with online links to a map concerning tree inspections that is maintained by DPR as required by law, any map maintained by DPR that displays tree pruning schedules, and any informational webpage maintained by DPR on tree pruning. The 311 Customer Service Center would also have to provide these customers with any available informational resources concerning opportunities to receive volunteer certification in the pruning of street trees in New York City. Amended by Committee Action details Not available Int 0978-2024 A Nantasha M. Williams Requiring the 311 customer service center to provide certain resources in response to tree pruning-related requests. Introduction This bill would require the 311 Customer Service Center, in coordination with the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR), to provide 311 customers who file tree pruning-related service requests or information requests with online links to a map concerning tree inspections that is maintained by DPR as required by law, any map maintained by DPR that displays tree pruning schedules, and any informational webpage maintained by DPR on tree pruning. The 311 Customer Service Center would also have to provide these customers with any available informational resources concerning opportunities to receive volunteer certification in the pruning of street trees in New York City. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available           Roll call Not available Not available Int 0978-2024 * Nantasha M. Williams  Proposed Int. No. 978-A Requiring the 311 customer service center to provide certain resources in response to tree pruning-related requests. Introduction This bill would require the 311 Customer Service Center, in coordination with the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR), to provide 311 customers who file tree pruning-related service requests or information requests with online links to a map concerning tree inspections that is maintained by DPR as required by law, any map maintained by DPR that displays tree pruning schedules, and any informational webpage maintained by DPR on tree pruning. The 311 Customer Service Center would also have to provide these customers with any available informational resources concerning opportunities to receive volunteer certification in the pruning of street trees in New York City. Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0978-2024 * Nantasha M. Williams   Requiring the 311 customer service center to provide certain resources in response to tree pruning-related requests. Introduction This bill would require the 311 Customer Service Center, in coordination with the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR), to provide 311 customers who file tree pruning-related service requests or information requests with online links to a map concerning tree inspections that is maintained by DPR as required by law, any map maintained by DPR that displays tree pruning schedules, and any informational webpage maintained by DPR on tree pruning. The 311 Customer Service Center would also have to provide these customers with any available informational resources concerning opportunities to receive volunteer certification in the pruning of street trees in New York City. Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Not available Not available Int 0978-2024 * Nantasha M. Williams   Requiring the 311 customer service center to provide certain resources in response to tree pruning-related requests. Introduction This bill would require the 311 Customer Service Center, in coordination with the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR), to provide 311 customers who file tree pruning-related service requests or information requests with online links to a map concerning tree inspections that is maintained by DPR as required by law, any map maintained by DPR that displays tree pruning schedules, and any informational webpage maintained by DPR on tree pruning. The 311 Customer Service Center would also have to provide these customers with any available informational resources concerning opportunities to receive volunteer certification in the pruning of street trees in New York City. Amended by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0978-2024 A Nantasha M. Williams   Requiring the 311 customer service center to provide certain resources in response to tree pruning-related requests. Introduction This bill would require the 311 Customer Service Center, in coordination with the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR), to provide 311 customers who file tree pruning-related service requests or information requests with online links to a map concerning tree inspections that is maintained by DPR as required by law, any map maintained by DPR that displays tree pruning schedules, and any informational webpage maintained by DPR on tree pruning. The 311 Customer Service Center would also have to provide these customers with any available informational resources concerning opportunities to receive volunteer certification in the pruning of street trees in New York City. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1290185&GUID=92B08F32-A69C-4B08-950D-AA88D2B21051 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov#2025-04-15 ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## List View List View List View List View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Search: Search:  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive)  select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive) notes closed captions notes closed captions  *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. Help 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 845 records 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 City Council Stated Meeting 9/25/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 9/18/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 8/14/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 7/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/30/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 6/26/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Cooling centers. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/11/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/29/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Public Safety. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Safety Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/28/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Immigration 5/27/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Immigration Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Criminal Justice and the Committee on Immigration. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Criminal Justice 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Criminal Justice Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Health Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Hospitals Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Education. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Children and Youth Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on General Welfare. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on General Welfare 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - General Welfare Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 5/15/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Higher Education and the Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Higher Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Housing 5/14/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Housing Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Housing and Buildings and the Committee on Public Housing. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Housing and Buildings Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/13/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Parks and Recreation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Transportation and Infrastructure Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Parks and Recreation and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Aging 5/12/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Aging Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management and the Committee on Aging. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/6/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/1/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Establishing exemptions for third-party food delivery services from the limits on fees charged by such services on food service establishments. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Wildfire mitigation strategic planning report to mitigate wildfires in parks under the jurisdiction of the department of parks and recreation. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/1/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/1/2025   9:00 AM 9:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the department of education to report on school librarians and library access in New York city public schools. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/30/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Land Use 4/30/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Contracts 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Contracts Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Public Meeting Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 4/29/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Oversight - Removing Small Financial Barriers for CUNY Students. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Technology 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Veterans 4/28/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 4/24/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* New York City health care institutions to contract with industrial laundry companies that respect workers’ legal rights and adhere to area standards for wages and benefits. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Economic Development 4/24/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/24/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Veterans 4/23/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/23/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Land Use 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/17/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Women and Gender Equity. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil Service and Labor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Criminal Justice 4/16/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Aging 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with the Committee on Finance. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Immigration 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Immigration Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Housing 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Security Guards, Fire Guards, and NYCHA’s Oversight of Contractors. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video City Council Stated Meeting 4/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Technology 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the 311 customer service center to provide certain resources in response to tree pruning-related requests. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Fire and Emergency Management 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Flash flood preparedness outreach and evacuation guidance. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Long-term citywide bathroom strategy and to make other technical changes. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/10/2025   10:45 AM 10:45 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor VOTE* Prioritization of maintenance of trees adjacent to buildings and structures. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Safety 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/10/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/10/2025   9:30 AM 9:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video  previous day next day today Calendar Title and navigation Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << April 2025 S M T W T F S 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 April 2025   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30           Day Day Week Week Month Timeline Timeline Apr, 2025 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1302689&GUID=7CA1122B-06F5-4549-9A85-AF52FFDF3319 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1295399&GUID=84FA0D8F-E53C-42A1-AC9A-E5D45228AF05 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1302855&GUID=F039EAFF-4D09-48E9-89E7-11BDF629C80D ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1293826&GUID=306BE396-0854-418A-B419-39C57722A70F ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1293662&GUID=509335A0-ADE5-48F1-9F8D-45ABBE450E02&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting has been deferred. Details Meeting Name: Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Agenda status: Deferred Meeting date/time: 4/22/2025 Deferred Minutes status: Deferred Meeting location: Committee Room - City Hall Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS , Calendar of the Zoning Subcommittee and Land Use Meeting - April 22, 2025 Meeting Items (4) 4 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia LU 0267-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Zoning, 2510 Coney Island Avenue Rezoning, Brooklyn (C 230128 ZMK). Land Use Application Action details Not available LU 0268-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Zoning, 2510 Coney Island Avenue, Brooklyn (N 230129 ZRK). Land Use Application Action details Not available LU 0269-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Zoning, 102-51 Queens Boulevard Rezoning, Queens (C 240250 ZMQ). Land Use Application Action details Not available LU 0270-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Zoning, 102-51 Queens Boulevard, Queens (N 240251 ZRQ). Land Use Application Action details Not available Please note: this meeting has been deferred. Please note: this meeting has been deferred. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Agenda status: Agenda status: Deferred Deferred Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/22/2025 Deferred 4/22/2025 Deferred Minutes status: Minutes status: Deferred Deferred  Meeting location: Meeting location: Committee Room - City Hall Committee Room - City Hall Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS , Calendar of the Zoning Subcommittee and Land Use Meeting - April 22, 2025 CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS , Calendar of the Zoning Subcommittee and Land Use Meeting - April 22, 2025 Meeting Items (4) Meeting Items (4) Meeting Items (4) Meeting Items (4) 4 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 4 records 4 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia LU 0267-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Zoning, 2510 Coney Island Avenue Rezoning, Brooklyn (C 230128 ZMK). Land Use Application Action details Not available LU 0268-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Zoning, 2510 Coney Island Avenue, Brooklyn (N 230129 ZRK). Land Use Application Action details Not available LU 0269-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Zoning, 102-51 Queens Boulevard Rezoning, Queens (C 240250 ZMQ). Land Use Application Action details Not available LU 0270-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Zoning, 102-51 Queens Boulevard, Queens (N 240251 ZRQ). Land Use Application Action details Not available LU 0267-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr.   Zoning, 2510 Coney Island Avenue Rezoning, Brooklyn (C 230128 ZMK). Land Use Application    Action details Not available Not available LU 0268-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr.   Zoning, 2510 Coney Island Avenue, Brooklyn (N 230129 ZRK). Land Use Application    Action details Not available Not available LU 0269-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr.   Zoning, 102-51 Queens Boulevard Rezoning, Queens (C 240250 ZMQ). Land Use Application    Action details Not available Not available LU 0270-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr.   Zoning, 102-51 Queens Boulevard, Queens (N 240251 ZRQ). Land Use Application    Action details Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1302289&GUID=DF60A431-912F-4B3F-9842-A57A09D9455B&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Meeting Name: Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 4/24/2025 11:30 AM Minutes status: Final Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Minutes Meeting video: Video Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (11) 11 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available Int 0246-2024 * Crystal Hudson Proposed Int. No. 246-A Requiring city agencies to provide an “X” option for gender on certain forms. Introduction This bill would require social-service-providing agencies that directly or by contract collect demographic information via form documents from city residents seeking services to update forms, where practicable, to include “X” as an option when gender identify information is collected. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0246-2024 * Crystal Hudson Requiring city agencies to provide an “X” option for gender on certain forms. Introduction This bill would require social-service-providing agencies that directly or by contract collect demographic information via form documents from city residents seeking services to update forms, where practicable, to include “X” as an option when gender identify information is collected. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 0246-2024 * Crystal Hudson Requiring city agencies to provide an “X” option for gender on certain forms. Introduction This bill would require social-service-providing agencies that directly or by contract collect demographic information via form documents from city residents seeking services to update forms, where practicable, to include “X” as an option when gender identify information is collected. Amended by Committee Action details Not available Int 0246-2024 A Crystal Hudson Requiring city agencies to provide an “X” option for gender on certain forms. Introduction This bill would require social-service-providing agencies that directly or by contract collect demographic information via form documents from city residents seeking services to update forms, where practicable, to include “X” as an option when gender identify information is collected. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Int 1263-2025 * Lincoln Restler Preconsidered Proposed Int. No. 1263-A Communications in adjudicative proceedings by certain public servants. Introduction This bill would amend the New York City Charter to preserve the right of former public servants to communicate with City agencies or government offices as part of an appearance in a legal proceeding in front of another agency, office, or court. Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Not available Int 1263-2025 * Lincoln Restler Communications in adjudicative proceedings by certain public servants. Introduction This bill would amend the New York City Charter to preserve the right of former public servants to communicate with City agencies or government offices as part of an appearance in a legal proceeding in front of another agency, office, or court. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 1263-2025 * Lincoln Restler Communications in adjudicative proceedings by certain public servants. Introduction This bill would amend the New York City Charter to preserve the right of former public servants to communicate with City agencies or government offices as part of an appearance in a legal proceeding in front of another agency, office, or court. Amended by Committee Action details Not available Int 1263-2025 A Lincoln Restler Communications in adjudicative proceedings by certain public servants. Introduction This bill would amend the New York City Charter to preserve the right of former public servants to communicate with City agencies or government offices as part of an appearance in a legal proceeding in front of another agency, office, or court. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available SLR 0001-2025 * Lincoln Restler Preconsidered Discontinuance of certain parkland in Flushing Meadows Corona Park in the borough of Queens (S. 7121-A/A. 6781-B). SLR Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Not available SLR 0001-2025 * Lincoln Restler Discontinuance of certain parkland in Flushing Meadows Corona Park in the borough of Queens (S. 7121-A/A. 6781-B). SLR P-C Item Approved by Comm Pass Action details Not available Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/24/2025 11:30 AM 4/24/2025 11:30 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Final Final  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Minutes  Meeting video: Meeting video: Video Video  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (11) Meeting Items (11) Meeting Items (11) Meeting Items (11) 11 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 11 records 11 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available Int 0246-2024 * Crystal Hudson Proposed Int. No. 246-A Requiring city agencies to provide an “X” option for gender on certain forms. Introduction This bill would require social-service-providing agencies that directly or by contract collect demographic information via form documents from city residents seeking services to update forms, where practicable, to include “X” as an option when gender identify information is collected. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0246-2024 * Crystal Hudson Requiring city agencies to provide an “X” option for gender on certain forms. Introduction This bill would require social-service-providing agencies that directly or by contract collect demographic information via form documents from city residents seeking services to update forms, where practicable, to include “X” as an option when gender identify information is collected. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 0246-2024 * Crystal Hudson Requiring city agencies to provide an “X” option for gender on certain forms. Introduction This bill would require social-service-providing agencies that directly or by contract collect demographic information via form documents from city residents seeking services to update forms, where practicable, to include “X” as an option when gender identify information is collected. Amended by Committee Action details Not available Int 0246-2024 A Crystal Hudson Requiring city agencies to provide an “X” option for gender on certain forms. Introduction This bill would require social-service-providing agencies that directly or by contract collect demographic information via form documents from city residents seeking services to update forms, where practicable, to include “X” as an option when gender identify information is collected. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Int 1263-2025 * Lincoln Restler Preconsidered Proposed Int. No. 1263-A Communications in adjudicative proceedings by certain public servants. Introduction This bill would amend the New York City Charter to preserve the right of former public servants to communicate with City agencies or government offices as part of an appearance in a legal proceeding in front of another agency, office, or court. Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Not available Int 1263-2025 * Lincoln Restler Communications in adjudicative proceedings by certain public servants. Introduction This bill would amend the New York City Charter to preserve the right of former public servants to communicate with City agencies or government offices as part of an appearance in a legal proceeding in front of another agency, office, or court. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 1263-2025 * Lincoln Restler Communications in adjudicative proceedings by certain public servants. Introduction This bill would amend the New York City Charter to preserve the right of former public servants to communicate with City agencies or government offices as part of an appearance in a legal proceeding in front of another agency, office, or court. Amended by Committee Action details Not available Int 1263-2025 A Lincoln Restler Communications in adjudicative proceedings by certain public servants. Introduction This bill would amend the New York City Charter to preserve the right of former public servants to communicate with City agencies or government offices as part of an appearance in a legal proceeding in front of another agency, office, or court. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available SLR 0001-2025 * Lincoln Restler Preconsidered Discontinuance of certain parkland in Flushing Meadows Corona Park in the borough of Queens (S. 7121-A/A. 6781-B). SLR Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Not available SLR 0001-2025 * Lincoln Restler Discontinuance of certain parkland in Flushing Meadows Corona Park in the borough of Queens (S. 7121-A/A. 6781-B). SLR P-C Item Approved by Comm Pass Action details Not available           Roll call Not available Not available Int 0246-2024 * Crystal Hudson  Proposed Int. No. 246-A Requiring city agencies to provide an “X” option for gender on certain forms. Introduction This bill would require social-service-providing agencies that directly or by contract collect demographic information via form documents from city residents seeking services to update forms, where practicable, to include “X” as an option when gender identify information is collected. Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0246-2024 * Crystal Hudson   Requiring city agencies to provide an “X” option for gender on certain forms. Introduction This bill would require social-service-providing agencies that directly or by contract collect demographic information via form documents from city residents seeking services to update forms, where practicable, to include “X” as an option when gender identify information is collected. Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Not available Not available Int 0246-2024 * Crystal Hudson   Requiring city agencies to provide an “X” option for gender on certain forms. Introduction This bill would require social-service-providing agencies that directly or by contract collect demographic information via form documents from city residents seeking services to update forms, where practicable, to include “X” as an option when gender identify information is collected. Amended by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0246-2024 A Crystal Hudson   Requiring city agencies to provide an “X” option for gender on certain forms. Introduction This bill would require social-service-providing agencies that directly or by contract collect demographic information via form documents from city residents seeking services to update forms, where practicable, to include “X” as an option when gender identify information is collected. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Not available Int 1263-2025 * Lincoln Restler  Preconsidered Proposed Int. No. 1263-A Communications in adjudicative proceedings by certain public servants. Introduction This bill would amend the New York City Charter to preserve the right of former public servants to communicate with City agencies or government offices as part of an appearance in a legal proceeding in front of another agency, office, or court. Hearing on P-C Item by Comm  Action details Not available Not available Int 1263-2025 * Lincoln Restler   Communications in adjudicative proceedings by certain public servants. Introduction This bill would amend the New York City Charter to preserve the right of former public servants to communicate with City agencies or government offices as part of an appearance in a legal proceeding in front of another agency, office, or court. Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Not available Not available Int 1263-2025 * Lincoln Restler   Communications in adjudicative proceedings by certain public servants. Introduction This bill would amend the New York City Charter to preserve the right of former public servants to communicate with City agencies or government offices as part of an appearance in a legal proceeding in front of another agency, office, or court. Amended by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 1263-2025 A Lincoln Restler   Communications in adjudicative proceedings by certain public servants. Introduction This bill would amend the New York City Charter to preserve the right of former public servants to communicate with City agencies or government offices as part of an appearance in a legal proceeding in front of another agency, office, or court. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Not available SLR 0001-2025 * Lincoln Restler  Preconsidered Discontinuance of certain parkland in Flushing Meadows Corona Park in the borough of Queens (S. 7121-A/A. 6781-B). SLR  Hearing on P-C Item by Comm  Action details Not available Not available SLR 0001-2025 * Lincoln Restler   Discontinuance of certain parkland in Flushing Meadows Corona Park in the borough of Queens (S. 7121-A/A. 6781-B). SLR  P-C Item Approved by Comm Pass Action details Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1287177&GUID=86494074-743E-484D-BAF5-1A8AE83AFFEE ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1293236&GUID=45E6C021-3860-4879-9DF2-21D0F959634A&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Higher Education Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 4/29/2025 1:00 PM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Committee Room - City Hall Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3338 * Oversight - Removing Small Financial Barriers for CUNY Students. Oversight Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Higher Education Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/29/2025 1:00 PM 4/29/2025 1:00 PM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Committee Room - City Hall Committee Room - City Hall Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 1 record 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3338 * Oversight - Removing Small Financial Barriers for CUNY Students. Oversight Not available Not available T2025-3338 *    Oversight - Removing Small Financial Barriers for CUNY Students. Oversight    Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=M&ID=1302749&GUID=2D2F826D-449A-4F9D-86BF-2D9F4982BE65 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1302878&GUID=08B18AB1-06FE-4043-A10B-C3B5CE8791E2&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Higher Education Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 5/15/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3474 * Executive Budget Hearings - Higher Education Oversight Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Higher Education Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 5/15/2025 10:00 AM 5/15/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 1 record 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3474 * Executive Budget Hearings - Higher Education Oversight Not available Not available T2025-3474 *    Executive Budget Hearings - Higher Education Oversight    Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1293220&GUID=00CC0F13-1043-43DE-B72D-F16D360CCBD6 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1302289&GUID=DF60A431-912F-4B3F-9842-A57A09D9455B ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1293554&GUID=538D7397-1EB5-4382-9ADE-F2B8056B228F ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1290185&GUID=92B08F32-A69C-4B08-950D-AA88D2B21051&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Land Use Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 4/30/2025 11:00 AM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Land Use Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/30/2025 11:00 AM 4/30/2025 11:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 1 record 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Not available Not available           Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1302875&GUID=6D28C892-DD01-4EFB-9228-CC0A52509F31 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1297219&GUID=8B05C649-F986-4A99-9657-3FB882434FC6 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1282454&GUID=E7B73950-D266-4C33-85C8-7DF672F0BAA7&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Meeting Name: Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 4/21/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Final Meeting location: Committee Room - City Hall Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Minutes Meeting video: Video Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (9) 9 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available T2025-3146 * Oversight - Parking Infrastructure and DOT. Oversight Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available T2025-3146 * Oversight - Parking Infrastructure and DOT. Oversight Filed, by Committee Action details Not available Int 0099-2024 A Nantasha M. Williams Proposed Int. No. 99-A Creation of curbside overnight truck parking sections in Industrial Business Zones. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Transportation (DOT) to establish overnight parking areas in industrial business zones (IBZ) for commercial vehicles. Between 8:00 p.m. and 6:00 a.m., only commercial vehicles would be permitted to park in such overnight parking areas. Prior to establishing such an overnight parking area, DOT would be required to consult with the community boards representing the IBZ. The bill would also require DOT to conduct outreach to commercial entities in the area, as well as truck drivers operating in the City, to inform them of these new areas, and would require annual reporting by DOT on the effectiveness of these parking areas in reducing the amount of improperly parked commercial vehicles. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0099-2024 A Nantasha M. Williams Creation of curbside overnight truck parking sections in Industrial Business Zones. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Transportation (DOT) to establish overnight parking areas in industrial business zones (IBZ) for commercial vehicles. Between 8:00 p.m. and 6:00 a.m., only commercial vehicles would be permitted to park in such overnight parking areas. Prior to establishing such an overnight parking area, DOT would be required to consult with the community boards representing the IBZ. The bill would also require DOT to conduct outreach to commercial entities in the area, as well as truck drivers operating in the City, to inform them of these new areas, and would require annual reporting by DOT on the effectiveness of these parking areas in reducing the amount of improperly parked commercial vehicles. Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Int 0340-2024 * Mercedes Narcisse Automatic waiver of certain additional penalties for a parking violation if a vehicle owner responds to a notice of violation between forty-five and ninety days of its issuance. Introduction This bill would provide for the automatic waiver of certain additional penalties for failure to respond to a parking violation if the owner of a vehicle responds to such violation between 45 and 90 days after its issuance. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0340-2024 * Mercedes Narcisse Automatic waiver of certain additional penalties for a parking violation if a vehicle owner responds to a notice of violation between forty-five and ninety days of its issuance. Introduction This bill would provide for the automatic waiver of certain additional penalties for failure to respond to a parking violation if the owner of a vehicle responds to such violation between 45 and 90 days after its issuance. Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Int 1138-2024 * Julie Won Prohibiting standing or parking a vehicle within 20 feet of a crosswalk at an intersection. Introduction This bill would prohibit standing or parking a vehicle within 20 feet of a crosswalk at an intersection, and require citywide community education and outreach efforts with regard to the change. This bill would also amend section 19-175.8 of the administrative code to set a requirement for the Department of Transportation to implement daylighting barriers at a minimum of 1000 intersections per year. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 1138-2024 * Julie Won Prohibiting standing or parking a vehicle within 20 feet of a crosswalk at an intersection. Introduction This bill would prohibit standing or parking a vehicle within 20 feet of a crosswalk at an intersection, and require citywide community education and outreach efforts with regard to the change. This bill would also amend section 19-175.8 of the administrative code to set a requirement for the Department of Transportation to implement daylighting barriers at a minimum of 1000 intersections per year. Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/21/2025 10:00 AM 4/21/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Final Final  Meeting location: Meeting location: Committee Room - City Hall Committee Room - City Hall Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Minutes  Meeting video: Meeting video: Video Video  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (9) Meeting Items (9) Meeting Items (9) Meeting Items (9) 9 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 9 records 9 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available T2025-3146 * Oversight - Parking Infrastructure and DOT. Oversight Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available T2025-3146 * Oversight - Parking Infrastructure and DOT. Oversight Filed, by Committee Action details Not available Int 0099-2024 A Nantasha M. Williams Proposed Int. No. 99-A Creation of curbside overnight truck parking sections in Industrial Business Zones. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Transportation (DOT) to establish overnight parking areas in industrial business zones (IBZ) for commercial vehicles. Between 8:00 p.m. and 6:00 a.m., only commercial vehicles would be permitted to park in such overnight parking areas. Prior to establishing such an overnight parking area, DOT would be required to consult with the community boards representing the IBZ. The bill would also require DOT to conduct outreach to commercial entities in the area, as well as truck drivers operating in the City, to inform them of these new areas, and would require annual reporting by DOT on the effectiveness of these parking areas in reducing the amount of improperly parked commercial vehicles. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0099-2024 A Nantasha M. Williams Creation of curbside overnight truck parking sections in Industrial Business Zones. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Transportation (DOT) to establish overnight parking areas in industrial business zones (IBZ) for commercial vehicles. Between 8:00 p.m. and 6:00 a.m., only commercial vehicles would be permitted to park in such overnight parking areas. Prior to establishing such an overnight parking area, DOT would be required to consult with the community boards representing the IBZ. The bill would also require DOT to conduct outreach to commercial entities in the area, as well as truck drivers operating in the City, to inform them of these new areas, and would require annual reporting by DOT on the effectiveness of these parking areas in reducing the amount of improperly parked commercial vehicles. Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Int 0340-2024 * Mercedes Narcisse Automatic waiver of certain additional penalties for a parking violation if a vehicle owner responds to a notice of violation between forty-five and ninety days of its issuance. Introduction This bill would provide for the automatic waiver of certain additional penalties for failure to respond to a parking violation if the owner of a vehicle responds to such violation between 45 and 90 days after its issuance. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0340-2024 * Mercedes Narcisse Automatic waiver of certain additional penalties for a parking violation if a vehicle owner responds to a notice of violation between forty-five and ninety days of its issuance. Introduction This bill would provide for the automatic waiver of certain additional penalties for failure to respond to a parking violation if the owner of a vehicle responds to such violation between 45 and 90 days after its issuance. Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Int 1138-2024 * Julie Won Prohibiting standing or parking a vehicle within 20 feet of a crosswalk at an intersection. Introduction This bill would prohibit standing or parking a vehicle within 20 feet of a crosswalk at an intersection, and require citywide community education and outreach efforts with regard to the change. This bill would also amend section 19-175.8 of the administrative code to set a requirement for the Department of Transportation to implement daylighting barriers at a minimum of 1000 intersections per year. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 1138-2024 * Julie Won Prohibiting standing or parking a vehicle within 20 feet of a crosswalk at an intersection. Introduction This bill would prohibit standing or parking a vehicle within 20 feet of a crosswalk at an intersection, and require citywide community education and outreach efforts with regard to the change. This bill would also amend section 19-175.8 of the administrative code to set a requirement for the Department of Transportation to implement daylighting barriers at a minimum of 1000 intersections per year. Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available           Roll call Not available Not available T2025-3146 *    Oversight - Parking Infrastructure and DOT. Oversight  Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available T2025-3146 *    Oversight - Parking Infrastructure and DOT. Oversight  Filed, by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0099-2024 A Nantasha M. Williams  Proposed Int. No. 99-A Creation of curbside overnight truck parking sections in Industrial Business Zones. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Transportation (DOT) to establish overnight parking areas in industrial business zones (IBZ) for commercial vehicles. Between 8:00 p.m. and 6:00 a.m., only commercial vehicles would be permitted to park in such overnight parking areas. Prior to establishing such an overnight parking area, DOT would be required to consult with the community boards representing the IBZ. The bill would also require DOT to conduct outreach to commercial entities in the area, as well as truck drivers operating in the City, to inform them of these new areas, and would require annual reporting by DOT on the effectiveness of these parking areas in reducing the amount of improperly parked commercial vehicles. Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0099-2024 A Nantasha M. Williams   Creation of curbside overnight truck parking sections in Industrial Business Zones. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Transportation (DOT) to establish overnight parking areas in industrial business zones (IBZ) for commercial vehicles. Between 8:00 p.m. and 6:00 a.m., only commercial vehicles would be permitted to park in such overnight parking areas. Prior to establishing such an overnight parking area, DOT would be required to consult with the community boards representing the IBZ. The bill would also require DOT to conduct outreach to commercial entities in the area, as well as truck drivers operating in the City, to inform them of these new areas, and would require annual reporting by DOT on the effectiveness of these parking areas in reducing the amount of improperly parked commercial vehicles. Laid Over by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0340-2024 * Mercedes Narcisse   Automatic waiver of certain additional penalties for a parking violation if a vehicle owner responds to a notice of violation between forty-five and ninety days of its issuance. Introduction This bill would provide for the automatic waiver of certain additional penalties for failure to respond to a parking violation if the owner of a vehicle responds to such violation between 45 and 90 days after its issuance. Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0340-2024 * Mercedes Narcisse   Automatic waiver of certain additional penalties for a parking violation if a vehicle owner responds to a notice of violation between forty-five and ninety days of its issuance. Introduction This bill would provide for the automatic waiver of certain additional penalties for failure to respond to a parking violation if the owner of a vehicle responds to such violation between 45 and 90 days after its issuance. Laid Over by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 1138-2024 * Julie Won   Prohibiting standing or parking a vehicle within 20 feet of a crosswalk at an intersection. Introduction This bill would prohibit standing or parking a vehicle within 20 feet of a crosswalk at an intersection, and require citywide community education and outreach efforts with regard to the change. This bill would also amend section 19-175.8 of the administrative code to set a requirement for the Department of Transportation to implement daylighting barriers at a minimum of 1000 intersections per year. Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 1138-2024 * Julie Won   Prohibiting standing or parking a vehicle within 20 feet of a crosswalk at an intersection. Introduction This bill would prohibit standing or parking a vehicle within 20 feet of a crosswalk at an intersection, and require citywide community education and outreach efforts with regard to the change. This bill would also amend section 19-175.8 of the administrative code to set a requirement for the Department of Transportation to implement daylighting barriers at a minimum of 1000 intersections per year. Laid Over by Committee  Action details Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1302722&GUID=8F15FC3F-D63E-4D03-9C69-3FA3D9436B33 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1284781&GUID=BEEC42C0-9FF3-49E8-BD3F-2DD93DE25819 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1293659&GUID=F9C1BF09-77F0-40E2-9965-A73C7FB5A289 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1302718&GUID=D88A685A-C991-4A2E-BE15-ECD8D1F4AE85&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Health Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 5/23/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction and the Committee on Finance Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3464 * Executive Budget Hearings - Health Oversight Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Health Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 5/23/2025 10:00 AM 5/23/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction and the Committee on Finance Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction and the Committee on Finance Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 1 record 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3464 * Executive Budget Hearings - Health Oversight Not available Not available T2025-3464 *    Executive Budget Hearings - Health Oversight    Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1302735&GUID=B901243C-B158-42F9-8310-A152B69BBE31 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1302703&GUID=9E70FF5E-2F9C-4B3C-8787-336E6AF52155&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 5/13/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3462 * Executive Budget Hearings - Transportation and Infrastructure Oversight Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 5/13/2025 10:00 AM 5/13/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 1 record 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3462 * Executive Budget Hearings - Transportation and Infrastructure Oversight Not available Not available T2025-3462 *    Executive Budget Hearings - Transportation and Infrastructure Oversight    Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=M&ID=1287870&GUID=F1D0ADDC-5DAB-4F25-83FF-CF72EE25A370 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1283467&GUID=F8227367-4CAF-4260-8F65-0390DF827992&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Meeting Name: Committee on Immigration Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 4/15/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Final Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection. Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Minutes Meeting video: Video Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (8) 8 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available T2025-3174 * Oversight – Combating Immigration Services Fraud. Oversight Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available T2025-3174 * Oversight – Combating Immigration Services Fraud. Oversight Filed, by Committee Action details Not available Int 0205-2024 * Shahana K. Hanif Outreach about fraudulent schemes committed by providers of immigration assistance services. Introduction The Department of Consumer and Worker Protection is required to conduct outreach and education about fraudulent schemes committed by providers of immigration legal services. This bill would require the outreach to include information about common fraudulent schemes and how to avoid them and to be conducted through specific media, including television, internet, radio, print, subway advertisements, and LinkNYC kiosks. Outreach materials would also be distributed in public places. The bill would also require the Department of Consumer and Worker Protection to report annually on its outreach and education efforts. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0205-2024 * Shahana K. Hanif Outreach about fraudulent schemes committed by providers of immigration assistance services. Introduction The Department of Consumer and Worker Protection is required to conduct outreach and education about fraudulent schemes committed by providers of immigration legal services. This bill would require the outreach to include information about common fraudulent schemes and how to avoid them and to be conducted through specific media, including television, internet, radio, print, subway advertisements, and LinkNYC kiosks. Outreach materials would also be distributed in public places. The bill would also require the Department of Consumer and Worker Protection to report annually on its outreach and education efforts. Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Int 0980-2024 * Julie Won Increasing penalties for violations of requirements that apply to immigration assistance services. Introduction This bill would increase civil penalties for immigration assistance service providers that do not comply with applicable requirements, such as the requirement to execute a written contract with customers, the requirement to include specific language in signage and advertisements, the requirement to retain documents, and the requirement to maintain a surety. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0980-2024 * Julie Won Increasing penalties for violations of requirements that apply to immigration assistance services. Introduction This bill would increase civil penalties for immigration assistance service providers that do not comply with applicable requirements, such as the requirement to execute a written contract with customers, the requirement to include specific language in signage and advertisements, the requirement to retain documents, and the requirement to maintain a surety. Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Not available Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Immigration Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/15/2025 10:00 AM 4/15/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Final Final  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection. Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection. Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Minutes  Meeting video: Meeting video: Video Video  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (8) Meeting Items (8) Meeting Items (8) Meeting Items (8) 8 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 8 records 8 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available T2025-3174 * Oversight – Combating Immigration Services Fraud. Oversight Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available T2025-3174 * Oversight – Combating Immigration Services Fraud. Oversight Filed, by Committee Action details Not available Int 0205-2024 * Shahana K. Hanif Outreach about fraudulent schemes committed by providers of immigration assistance services. Introduction The Department of Consumer and Worker Protection is required to conduct outreach and education about fraudulent schemes committed by providers of immigration legal services. This bill would require the outreach to include information about common fraudulent schemes and how to avoid them and to be conducted through specific media, including television, internet, radio, print, subway advertisements, and LinkNYC kiosks. Outreach materials would also be distributed in public places. The bill would also require the Department of Consumer and Worker Protection to report annually on its outreach and education efforts. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0205-2024 * Shahana K. Hanif Outreach about fraudulent schemes committed by providers of immigration assistance services. Introduction The Department of Consumer and Worker Protection is required to conduct outreach and education about fraudulent schemes committed by providers of immigration legal services. This bill would require the outreach to include information about common fraudulent schemes and how to avoid them and to be conducted through specific media, including television, internet, radio, print, subway advertisements, and LinkNYC kiosks. Outreach materials would also be distributed in public places. The bill would also require the Department of Consumer and Worker Protection to report annually on its outreach and education efforts. Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Int 0980-2024 * Julie Won Increasing penalties for violations of requirements that apply to immigration assistance services. Introduction This bill would increase civil penalties for immigration assistance service providers that do not comply with applicable requirements, such as the requirement to execute a written contract with customers, the requirement to include specific language in signage and advertisements, the requirement to retain documents, and the requirement to maintain a surety. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0980-2024 * Julie Won Increasing penalties for violations of requirements that apply to immigration assistance services. Introduction This bill would increase civil penalties for immigration assistance service providers that do not comply with applicable requirements, such as the requirement to execute a written contract with customers, the requirement to include specific language in signage and advertisements, the requirement to retain documents, and the requirement to maintain a surety. Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Not available           Roll call Not available Not available T2025-3174 *    Oversight – Combating Immigration Services Fraud. Oversight  Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available T2025-3174 *    Oversight – Combating Immigration Services Fraud. Oversight  Filed, by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0205-2024 * Shahana K. Hanif   Outreach about fraudulent schemes committed by providers of immigration assistance services. Introduction The Department of Consumer and Worker Protection is required to conduct outreach and education about fraudulent schemes committed by providers of immigration legal services. This bill would require the outreach to include information about common fraudulent schemes and how to avoid them and to be conducted through specific media, including television, internet, radio, print, subway advertisements, and LinkNYC kiosks. Outreach materials would also be distributed in public places. The bill would also require the Department of Consumer and Worker Protection to report annually on its outreach and education efforts. Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0205-2024 * Shahana K. Hanif   Outreach about fraudulent schemes committed by providers of immigration assistance services. Introduction The Department of Consumer and Worker Protection is required to conduct outreach and education about fraudulent schemes committed by providers of immigration legal services. This bill would require the outreach to include information about common fraudulent schemes and how to avoid them and to be conducted through specific media, including television, internet, radio, print, subway advertisements, and LinkNYC kiosks. Outreach materials would also be distributed in public places. The bill would also require the Department of Consumer and Worker Protection to report annually on its outreach and education efforts. Laid Over by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0980-2024 * Julie Won   Increasing penalties for violations of requirements that apply to immigration assistance services. Introduction This bill would increase civil penalties for immigration assistance service providers that do not comply with applicable requirements, such as the requirement to execute a written contract with customers, the requirement to include specific language in signage and advertisements, the requirement to retain documents, and the requirement to maintain a surety. Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0980-2024 * Julie Won   Increasing penalties for violations of requirements that apply to immigration assistance services. Introduction This bill would increase civil penalties for immigration assistance service providers that do not comply with applicable requirements, such as the requirement to execute a written contract with customers, the requirement to include specific language in signage and advertisements, the requirement to retain documents, and the requirement to maintain a surety. Laid Over by Committee  Action details Not available Not available            Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1291009&GUID=103599E6-9841-42F9-80DA-175CE33DC67A ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=M&ID=1290809&GUID=07994D74-9F28-414F-98CD-5DC27A1C0286 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1288980&GUID=9DFFEFE2-FAA9-4FC1-B0A5-991308AFE410 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1283468&GUID=22ACA77C-206F-48AB-88DC-4EB514E98D0D&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Meeting Name: Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 4/15/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Final Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Immigration Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Minutes Meeting video: Video Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (8) 8 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available T2025-3175 * Oversight – Combating Immigration Services Fraud. Oversight Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available T2025-3175 * Oversight – Combating Immigration Services Fraud. Oversight Filed, by Committee Action details Not available Int 0205-2024 * Shahana K. Hanif Outreach about fraudulent schemes committed by providers of immigration assistance services. Introduction The Department of Consumer and Worker Protection is required to conduct outreach and education about fraudulent schemes committed by providers of immigration legal services. This bill would require the outreach to include information about common fraudulent schemes and how to avoid them and to be conducted through specific media, including television, internet, radio, print, subway advertisements, and LinkNYC kiosks. Outreach materials would also be distributed in public places. The bill would also require the Department of Consumer and Worker Protection to report annually on its outreach and education efforts. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0205-2024 * Shahana K. Hanif Outreach about fraudulent schemes committed by providers of immigration assistance services. Introduction The Department of Consumer and Worker Protection is required to conduct outreach and education about fraudulent schemes committed by providers of immigration legal services. This bill would require the outreach to include information about common fraudulent schemes and how to avoid them and to be conducted through specific media, including television, internet, radio, print, subway advertisements, and LinkNYC kiosks. Outreach materials would also be distributed in public places. The bill would also require the Department of Consumer and Worker Protection to report annually on its outreach and education efforts. Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Int 0980-2024 * Julie Won Increasing penalties for violations of requirements that apply to immigration assistance services. Introduction This bill would increase civil penalties for immigration assistance service providers that do not comply with applicable requirements, such as the requirement to execute a written contract with customers, the requirement to include specific language in signage and advertisements, the requirement to retain documents, and the requirement to maintain a surety. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0980-2024 * Julie Won Increasing penalties for violations of requirements that apply to immigration assistance services. Introduction This bill would increase civil penalties for immigration assistance service providers that do not comply with applicable requirements, such as the requirement to execute a written contract with customers, the requirement to include specific language in signage and advertisements, the requirement to retain documents, and the requirement to maintain a surety. Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Not available Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/15/2025 10:00 AM 4/15/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Final Final  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Immigration Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Immigration Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Minutes  Meeting video: Meeting video: Video Video  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (8) Meeting Items (8) Meeting Items (8) Meeting Items (8) 8 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 8 records 8 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available T2025-3175 * Oversight – Combating Immigration Services Fraud. Oversight Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available T2025-3175 * Oversight – Combating Immigration Services Fraud. Oversight Filed, by Committee Action details Not available Int 0205-2024 * Shahana K. Hanif Outreach about fraudulent schemes committed by providers of immigration assistance services. Introduction The Department of Consumer and Worker Protection is required to conduct outreach and education about fraudulent schemes committed by providers of immigration legal services. This bill would require the outreach to include information about common fraudulent schemes and how to avoid them and to be conducted through specific media, including television, internet, radio, print, subway advertisements, and LinkNYC kiosks. Outreach materials would also be distributed in public places. The bill would also require the Department of Consumer and Worker Protection to report annually on its outreach and education efforts. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0205-2024 * Shahana K. Hanif Outreach about fraudulent schemes committed by providers of immigration assistance services. Introduction The Department of Consumer and Worker Protection is required to conduct outreach and education about fraudulent schemes committed by providers of immigration legal services. This bill would require the outreach to include information about common fraudulent schemes and how to avoid them and to be conducted through specific media, including television, internet, radio, print, subway advertisements, and LinkNYC kiosks. Outreach materials would also be distributed in public places. The bill would also require the Department of Consumer and Worker Protection to report annually on its outreach and education efforts. Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Int 0980-2024 * Julie Won Increasing penalties for violations of requirements that apply to immigration assistance services. Introduction This bill would increase civil penalties for immigration assistance service providers that do not comply with applicable requirements, such as the requirement to execute a written contract with customers, the requirement to include specific language in signage and advertisements, the requirement to retain documents, and the requirement to maintain a surety. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0980-2024 * Julie Won Increasing penalties for violations of requirements that apply to immigration assistance services. Introduction This bill would increase civil penalties for immigration assistance service providers that do not comply with applicable requirements, such as the requirement to execute a written contract with customers, the requirement to include specific language in signage and advertisements, the requirement to retain documents, and the requirement to maintain a surety. Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Not available           Roll call Not available Not available T2025-3175 *    Oversight – Combating Immigration Services Fraud. Oversight  Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available T2025-3175 *    Oversight – Combating Immigration Services Fraud. Oversight  Filed, by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0205-2024 * Shahana K. Hanif   Outreach about fraudulent schemes committed by providers of immigration assistance services. Introduction The Department of Consumer and Worker Protection is required to conduct outreach and education about fraudulent schemes committed by providers of immigration legal services. This bill would require the outreach to include information about common fraudulent schemes and how to avoid them and to be conducted through specific media, including television, internet, radio, print, subway advertisements, and LinkNYC kiosks. Outreach materials would also be distributed in public places. The bill would also require the Department of Consumer and Worker Protection to report annually on its outreach and education efforts. Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0205-2024 * Shahana K. Hanif   Outreach about fraudulent schemes committed by providers of immigration assistance services. Introduction The Department of Consumer and Worker Protection is required to conduct outreach and education about fraudulent schemes committed by providers of immigration legal services. This bill would require the outreach to include information about common fraudulent schemes and how to avoid them and to be conducted through specific media, including television, internet, radio, print, subway advertisements, and LinkNYC kiosks. Outreach materials would also be distributed in public places. The bill would also require the Department of Consumer and Worker Protection to report annually on its outreach and education efforts. Laid Over by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0980-2024 * Julie Won   Increasing penalties for violations of requirements that apply to immigration assistance services. Introduction This bill would increase civil penalties for immigration assistance service providers that do not comply with applicable requirements, such as the requirement to execute a written contract with customers, the requirement to include specific language in signage and advertisements, the requirement to retain documents, and the requirement to maintain a surety. Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0980-2024 * Julie Won   Increasing penalties for violations of requirements that apply to immigration assistance services. Introduction This bill would increase civil penalties for immigration assistance service providers that do not comply with applicable requirements, such as the requirement to execute a written contract with customers, the requirement to include specific language in signage and advertisements, the requirement to retain documents, and the requirement to maintain a surety. Laid Over by Committee  Action details Not available Not available            Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1302542&GUID=46EA0E6B-BBEB-4CBE-B792-6E7DADC28AA5 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1290356&GUID=157472E1-7BBB-4F30-A65A-F011EA960E2E ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1290187&GUID=59CDFE52-04F1-4CD3-8334-0FADA3C08E25 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1293658&GUID=6C57CAF8-3121-4D34-BF62-13A432A6FD71&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting has been deferred. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Small Business Agenda status: Deferred Meeting date/time: 4/21/2025 Deferred Minutes status: Deferred Meeting location: Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (4) 4 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3351 * Oversight - Small Business Services and Commission on Human Rights Coordination for Human Rights Law Awareness and Compliance. Oversight Action details Not available Int 0282-2024 * Julie Menin Accessibility in small businesses. Introduction This bill would require the City of New York to establish a fund providing loans, grants, in-kind services, in-kind materials or some combination, to make small business storefronts accessible to people with disabilities. Small businesses of 100 employees or fewer and three locations or fewer would be eligible for the fund. The fund would award up to $250,000 in total value per storefront, and loans issued through the program would have an interest rate of no more than three percent. The City would be responsible for establishing a timeline of 90 days or less for the review of applications, issuing an approval or rejection of the application, and a disbursement of the fund, as applicable. Small business tenants or property owners who would bear the cost of the construction project would receive the fund award, but both parties must agree to receive it, unless a prior agreement states otherwise. As a condition of receiving the fund, the City may require that the storefront’s tenant be given a reduction in rent that equals a total of half the value of money, services and materials received through the fund. Action details Not available Int 0639-2024 * Public Advocate Jumaane Williams Requiring the department of small business services to offer training and education to small businesses regarding accessibility of the workplace and inclusion of workers with disabilities. Introduction This bill would require that the Department of Small Business Services provide training and information to small businesses about how make workplaces more accessible and inclusive for workers with disabilities and resources and organizations that can help small businesses increase accessibility, provide accommodations and hire workers with disabilities. Action details Not available Not available Please note: this meeting has been deferred. Please note: this meeting has been deferred. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Small Business Agenda status: Agenda status: Deferred Deferred Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/21/2025 Deferred 4/21/2025 Deferred Minutes status: Minutes status: Deferred Deferred  Meeting location: Meeting location: Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (4) Meeting Items (4) Meeting Items (4) Meeting Items (4) 4 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 4 records 4 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3351 * Oversight - Small Business Services and Commission on Human Rights Coordination for Human Rights Law Awareness and Compliance. Oversight Action details Not available Int 0282-2024 * Julie Menin Accessibility in small businesses. Introduction This bill would require the City of New York to establish a fund providing loans, grants, in-kind services, in-kind materials or some combination, to make small business storefronts accessible to people with disabilities. Small businesses of 100 employees or fewer and three locations or fewer would be eligible for the fund. The fund would award up to $250,000 in total value per storefront, and loans issued through the program would have an interest rate of no more than three percent. The City would be responsible for establishing a timeline of 90 days or less for the review of applications, issuing an approval or rejection of the application, and a disbursement of the fund, as applicable. Small business tenants or property owners who would bear the cost of the construction project would receive the fund award, but both parties must agree to receive it, unless a prior agreement states otherwise. As a condition of receiving the fund, the City may require that the storefront’s tenant be given a reduction in rent that equals a total of half the value of money, services and materials received through the fund. Action details Not available Int 0639-2024 * Public Advocate Jumaane Williams Requiring the department of small business services to offer training and education to small businesses regarding accessibility of the workplace and inclusion of workers with disabilities. Introduction This bill would require that the Department of Small Business Services provide training and information to small businesses about how make workplaces more accessible and inclusive for workers with disabilities and resources and organizations that can help small businesses increase accessibility, provide accommodations and hire workers with disabilities. Action details Not available Not available T2025-3351 *    Oversight - Small Business Services and Commission on Human Rights Coordination for Human Rights Law Awareness and Compliance. Oversight    Action details Not available Not available Int 0282-2024 * Julie Menin   Accessibility in small businesses. Introduction This bill would require the City of New York to establish a fund providing loans, grants, in-kind services, in-kind materials or some combination, to make small business storefronts accessible to people with disabilities. Small businesses of 100 employees or fewer and three locations or fewer would be eligible for the fund. The fund would award up to $250,000 in total value per storefront, and loans issued through the program would have an interest rate of no more than three percent. The City would be responsible for establishing a timeline of 90 days or less for the review of applications, issuing an approval or rejection of the application, and a disbursement of the fund, as applicable. Small business tenants or property owners who would bear the cost of the construction project would receive the fund award, but both parties must agree to receive it, unless a prior agreement states otherwise. As a condition of receiving the fund, the City may require that the storefront’s tenant be given a reduction in rent that equals a total of half the value of money, services and materials received through the fund.   Action details Not available Not available Int 0639-2024 * Public Advocate Jumaane Williams   Requiring the department of small business services to offer training and education to small businesses regarding accessibility of the workplace and inclusion of workers with disabilities. Introduction This bill would require that the Department of Small Business Services provide training and information to small businesses about how make workplaces more accessible and inclusive for workers with disabilities and resources and organizations that can help small businesses increase accessibility, provide accommodations and hire workers with disabilities.   Action details Not available Not available            Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1302696&GUID=F66BB1CD-D7B5-4192-BD5C-AEA127B927D3&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Committee on General Welfare Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 5/16/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3451 * Executive Budget Hearings - General Welfare Oversight Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on General Welfare Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 5/16/2025 10:00 AM 5/16/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 1 record 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3451 * Executive Budget Hearings - General Welfare Oversight Not available Not available T2025-3451 *    Executive Budget Hearings - General Welfare Oversight    Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1302726&GUID=F5E4086F-267F-497C-B149-9990BC726522 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1303216&GUID=50F54C57-5934-4406-9A30-D2F28C0CE787 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=M&ID=1302289&GUID=DF60A431-912F-4B3F-9842-A57A09D9455B ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1302729&GUID=38480234-CCBD-4C4B-BB35-54762195FD53&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Finance Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 5/12/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management and the Committee on Aging. Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3456 * Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Oversight Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Finance Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 5/12/2025 10:00 AM 5/12/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management and the Committee on Aging. Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management and the Committee on Aging. Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 1 record 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3456 * Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Oversight Not available Not available T2025-3456 *    Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Oversight    Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1302686&GUID=F540F15B-5373-4035-8D9C-7568F9889D7F&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Public Safety Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 5/29/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3445 * Executive Budget Hearings - Public Safety Oversight Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Public Safety Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 5/29/2025 10:00 AM 5/29/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 1 record 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3445 * Executive Budget Hearings - Public Safety Oversight Not available Not available T2025-3445 *    Executive Budget Hearings - Public Safety Oversight    Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1290356&GUID=157472E1-7BBB-4F30-A65A-F011EA960E2E&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: City Council Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 6/11/2025 1:30 PM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: City Council Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 6/11/2025 1:30 PM 6/11/2025 1:30 PM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Council Chambers - City Hall Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments:   Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 1 record 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Not available Not available           Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1297270&GUID=22B06D8E-8B6D-443C-89D2-47BB8FF6B821&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting has been deferred. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Land Use Agenda status: Deferred Meeting date/time: 4/22/2025 Deferred Minutes status: Deferred Meeting location: Committee Room - City Hall Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS , Calendar of the Zoning Subcommittee and Land Use Meeting - April 22, 2025 Meeting Items (4) 4 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia LU 0267-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Zoning, 2510 Coney Island Avenue Rezoning, Brooklyn (C 230128 ZMK). Land Use Application Action details Not available LU 0268-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Zoning, 2510 Coney Island Avenue, Brooklyn (N 230129 ZRK). Land Use Application Action details Not available LU 0269-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Zoning, 102-51 Queens Boulevard Rezoning, Queens (C 240250 ZMQ). Land Use Application Action details Not available LU 0270-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Zoning, 102-51 Queens Boulevard, Queens (N 240251 ZRQ). Land Use Application Action details Not available Please note: this meeting has been deferred. Please note: this meeting has been deferred. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Land Use Agenda status: Agenda status: Deferred Deferred Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/22/2025 Deferred 4/22/2025 Deferred Minutes status: Minutes status: Deferred Deferred  Meeting location: Meeting location: Committee Room - City Hall Committee Room - City Hall Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS , Calendar of the Zoning Subcommittee and Land Use Meeting - April 22, 2025 CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS , Calendar of the Zoning Subcommittee and Land Use Meeting - April 22, 2025 Meeting Items (4) Meeting Items (4) Meeting Items (4) Meeting Items (4) 4 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 4 records 4 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia LU 0267-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Zoning, 2510 Coney Island Avenue Rezoning, Brooklyn (C 230128 ZMK). Land Use Application Action details Not available LU 0268-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Zoning, 2510 Coney Island Avenue, Brooklyn (N 230129 ZRK). Land Use Application Action details Not available LU 0269-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Zoning, 102-51 Queens Boulevard Rezoning, Queens (C 240250 ZMQ). Land Use Application Action details Not available LU 0270-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Zoning, 102-51 Queens Boulevard, Queens (N 240251 ZRQ). Land Use Application Action details Not available LU 0267-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr.   Zoning, 2510 Coney Island Avenue Rezoning, Brooklyn (C 230128 ZMK). Land Use Application    Action details Not available Not available LU 0268-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr.   Zoning, 2510 Coney Island Avenue, Brooklyn (N 230129 ZRK). Land Use Application    Action details Not available Not available LU 0269-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr.   Zoning, 102-51 Queens Boulevard Rezoning, Queens (C 240250 ZMQ). Land Use Application    Action details Not available Not available LU 0270-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr.   Zoning, 102-51 Queens Boulevard, Queens (N 240251 ZRQ). Land Use Application    Action details Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1290186&GUID=35F84F7E-1EA9-4AD8-A4B9-9F30BE84EA27 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1293659&GUID=F9C1BF09-77F0-40E2-9965-A73C7FB5A289&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting has been deferred. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Civil and Human Rights Agenda status: Deferred Meeting date/time: 4/21/2025 Deferred Minutes status: Deferred Meeting location: Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (4) 4 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3350 * Oversight - Small Business Services and Commission on Human Rights Coordination for Human Rights Law Awareness and Compliance. Oversight Action details Not available Int 0282-2024 * Julie Menin Accessibility in small businesses. Introduction This bill would require the City of New York to establish a fund providing loans, grants, in-kind services, in-kind materials or some combination, to make small business storefronts accessible to people with disabilities. Small businesses of 100 employees or fewer and three locations or fewer would be eligible for the fund. The fund would award up to $250,000 in total value per storefront, and loans issued through the program would have an interest rate of no more than three percent. The City would be responsible for establishing a timeline of 90 days or less for the review of applications, issuing an approval or rejection of the application, and a disbursement of the fund, as applicable. Small business tenants or property owners who would bear the cost of the construction project would receive the fund award, but both parties must agree to receive it, unless a prior agreement states otherwise. As a condition of receiving the fund, the City may require that the storefront’s tenant be given a reduction in rent that equals a total of half the value of money, services and materials received through the fund. Action details Not available Int 0639-2024 * Public Advocate Jumaane Williams Requiring the department of small business services to offer training and education to small businesses regarding accessibility of the workplace and inclusion of workers with disabilities. Introduction This bill would require that the Department of Small Business Services provide training and information to small businesses about how make workplaces more accessible and inclusive for workers with disabilities and resources and organizations that can help small businesses increase accessibility, provide accommodations and hire workers with disabilities. Action details Not available Not available Please note: this meeting has been deferred. Please note: this meeting has been deferred. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Civil and Human Rights Agenda status: Agenda status: Deferred Deferred Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/21/2025 Deferred 4/21/2025 Deferred Minutes status: Minutes status: Deferred Deferred  Meeting location: Meeting location: Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (4) Meeting Items (4) Meeting Items (4) Meeting Items (4) 4 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 4 records 4 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3350 * Oversight - Small Business Services and Commission on Human Rights Coordination for Human Rights Law Awareness and Compliance. Oversight Action details Not available Int 0282-2024 * Julie Menin Accessibility in small businesses. Introduction This bill would require the City of New York to establish a fund providing loans, grants, in-kind services, in-kind materials or some combination, to make small business storefronts accessible to people with disabilities. Small businesses of 100 employees or fewer and three locations or fewer would be eligible for the fund. The fund would award up to $250,000 in total value per storefront, and loans issued through the program would have an interest rate of no more than three percent. The City would be responsible for establishing a timeline of 90 days or less for the review of applications, issuing an approval or rejection of the application, and a disbursement of the fund, as applicable. Small business tenants or property owners who would bear the cost of the construction project would receive the fund award, but both parties must agree to receive it, unless a prior agreement states otherwise. As a condition of receiving the fund, the City may require that the storefront’s tenant be given a reduction in rent that equals a total of half the value of money, services and materials received through the fund. Action details Not available Int 0639-2024 * Public Advocate Jumaane Williams Requiring the department of small business services to offer training and education to small businesses regarding accessibility of the workplace and inclusion of workers with disabilities. Introduction This bill would require that the Department of Small Business Services provide training and information to small businesses about how make workplaces more accessible and inclusive for workers with disabilities and resources and organizations that can help small businesses increase accessibility, provide accommodations and hire workers with disabilities. Action details Not available Not available T2025-3350 *    Oversight - Small Business Services and Commission on Human Rights Coordination for Human Rights Law Awareness and Compliance. Oversight    Action details Not available Not available Int 0282-2024 * Julie Menin   Accessibility in small businesses. Introduction This bill would require the City of New York to establish a fund providing loans, grants, in-kind services, in-kind materials or some combination, to make small business storefronts accessible to people with disabilities. Small businesses of 100 employees or fewer and three locations or fewer would be eligible for the fund. The fund would award up to $250,000 in total value per storefront, and loans issued through the program would have an interest rate of no more than three percent. The City would be responsible for establishing a timeline of 90 days or less for the review of applications, issuing an approval or rejection of the application, and a disbursement of the fund, as applicable. Small business tenants or property owners who would bear the cost of the construction project would receive the fund award, but both parties must agree to receive it, unless a prior agreement states otherwise. As a condition of receiving the fund, the City may require that the storefront’s tenant be given a reduction in rent that equals a total of half the value of money, services and materials received through the fund.   Action details Not available Not available Int 0639-2024 * Public Advocate Jumaane Williams   Requiring the department of small business services to offer training and education to small businesses regarding accessibility of the workplace and inclusion of workers with disabilities. Introduction This bill would require that the Department of Small Business Services provide training and information to small businesses about how make workplaces more accessible and inclusive for workers with disabilities and resources and organizations that can help small businesses increase accessibility, provide accommodations and hire workers with disabilities.   Action details Not available Not available            Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1290187&GUID=59CDFE52-04F1-4CD3-8334-0FADA3C08E25 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1302703&GUID=9E70FF5E-2F9C-4B3C-8787-336E6AF52155 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1302718&GUID=D88A685A-C991-4A2E-BE15-ECD8D1F4AE85 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1293826&GUID=306BE396-0854-418A-B419-39C57722A70F&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Veterans Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 4/28/2025 1:00 PM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3226 * Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Oversight Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Veterans Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/28/2025 1:00 PM 4/28/2025 1:00 PM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 1 record 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3226 * Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Oversight Not available Not available T2025-3226 *    Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Oversight    Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1295396&GUID=7B3A3A82-C71A-4AFF-991B-287C27A6EE16&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Civil and Human Rights Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 5/9/2025 1:00 PM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (4) 4 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3350 * Oversight - Small Business Services and Commission on Human Rights Coordination for Human Rights Law Awareness and Compliance. Oversight Not available Not available Int 0282-2024 * Julie Menin Accessibility in small businesses. Introduction This bill would require the City of New York to establish a fund providing loans, grants, in-kind services, in-kind materials or some combination, to make small business storefronts accessible to people with disabilities. Small businesses of 100 employees or fewer and three locations or fewer would be eligible for the fund. The fund would award up to $250,000 in total value per storefront, and loans issued through the program would have an interest rate of no more than three percent. The City would be responsible for establishing a timeline of 90 days or less for the review of applications, issuing an approval or rejection of the application, and a disbursement of the fund, as applicable. Small business tenants or property owners who would bear the cost of the construction project would receive the fund award, but both parties must agree to receive it, unless a prior agreement states otherwise. As a condition of receiving the fund, the City may require that the storefront’s tenant be given a reduction in rent that equals a total of half the value of money, services and materials received through the fund. Not available Not available Int 0639-2024 * Public Advocate Jumaane Williams Requiring the department of small business services to offer training and education to small businesses regarding accessibility of the workplace and inclusion of workers with disabilities. Introduction This bill would require that the Department of Small Business Services provide training and information to small businesses about how make workplaces more accessible and inclusive for workers with disabilities and resources and organizations that can help small businesses increase accessibility, provide accommodations and hire workers with disabilities. Not available Not available Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Civil and Human Rights Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 5/9/2025 1:00 PM 5/9/2025 1:00 PM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (4) Meeting Items (4) Meeting Items (4) Meeting Items (4) 4 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 4 records 4 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3350 * Oversight - Small Business Services and Commission on Human Rights Coordination for Human Rights Law Awareness and Compliance. Oversight Not available Not available Int 0282-2024 * Julie Menin Accessibility in small businesses. Introduction This bill would require the City of New York to establish a fund providing loans, grants, in-kind services, in-kind materials or some combination, to make small business storefronts accessible to people with disabilities. Small businesses of 100 employees or fewer and three locations or fewer would be eligible for the fund. The fund would award up to $250,000 in total value per storefront, and loans issued through the program would have an interest rate of no more than three percent. The City would be responsible for establishing a timeline of 90 days or less for the review of applications, issuing an approval or rejection of the application, and a disbursement of the fund, as applicable. Small business tenants or property owners who would bear the cost of the construction project would receive the fund award, but both parties must agree to receive it, unless a prior agreement states otherwise. As a condition of receiving the fund, the City may require that the storefront’s tenant be given a reduction in rent that equals a total of half the value of money, services and materials received through the fund. Not available Not available Int 0639-2024 * Public Advocate Jumaane Williams Requiring the department of small business services to offer training and education to small businesses regarding accessibility of the workplace and inclusion of workers with disabilities. Introduction This bill would require that the Department of Small Business Services provide training and information to small businesses about how make workplaces more accessible and inclusive for workers with disabilities and resources and organizations that can help small businesses increase accessibility, provide accommodations and hire workers with disabilities. Not available Not available Not available Not available T2025-3350 *    Oversight - Small Business Services and Commission on Human Rights Coordination for Human Rights Law Awareness and Compliance. Oversight    Not available Not available Not available Int 0282-2024 * Julie Menin   Accessibility in small businesses. Introduction This bill would require the City of New York to establish a fund providing loans, grants, in-kind services, in-kind materials or some combination, to make small business storefronts accessible to people with disabilities. Small businesses of 100 employees or fewer and three locations or fewer would be eligible for the fund. The fund would award up to $250,000 in total value per storefront, and loans issued through the program would have an interest rate of no more than three percent. The City would be responsible for establishing a timeline of 90 days or less for the review of applications, issuing an approval or rejection of the application, and a disbursement of the fund, as applicable. Small business tenants or property owners who would bear the cost of the construction project would receive the fund award, but both parties must agree to receive it, unless a prior agreement states otherwise. As a condition of receiving the fund, the City may require that the storefront’s tenant be given a reduction in rent that equals a total of half the value of money, services and materials received through the fund.   Not available Not available Not available Int 0639-2024 * Public Advocate Jumaane Williams   Requiring the department of small business services to offer training and education to small businesses regarding accessibility of the workplace and inclusion of workers with disabilities. Introduction This bill would require that the Department of Small Business Services provide training and information to small businesses about how make workplaces more accessible and inclusive for workers with disabilities and resources and organizations that can help small businesses increase accessibility, provide accommodations and hire workers with disabilities.   Not available Not available Not available           Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov#2025-04-07 ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## List View List View List View List View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Search: Search:  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive)  select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive) notes closed captions notes closed captions  *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. Help 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 845 records 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 City Council Stated Meeting 9/25/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 9/18/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 8/14/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 7/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/30/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 6/26/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Cooling centers. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/11/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/29/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Public Safety. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Safety Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/28/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Immigration 5/27/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Immigration Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Criminal Justice and the Committee on Immigration. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Criminal Justice 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Criminal Justice Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Health Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Hospitals Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Education. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Children and Youth Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on General Welfare. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on General Welfare 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - General Welfare Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 5/15/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Higher Education and the Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Higher Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Housing 5/14/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Housing Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Housing and Buildings and the Committee on Public Housing. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Housing and Buildings Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/13/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Parks and Recreation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Transportation and Infrastructure Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Parks and Recreation and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Aging 5/12/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Aging Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management and the Committee on Aging. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/6/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/1/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Establishing exemptions for third-party food delivery services from the limits on fees charged by such services on food service establishments. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Wildfire mitigation strategic planning report to mitigate wildfires in parks under the jurisdiction of the department of parks and recreation. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/1/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/1/2025   9:00 AM 9:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the department of education to report on school librarians and library access in New York city public schools. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/30/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Land Use 4/30/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Contracts 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Contracts Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Public Meeting Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 4/29/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Oversight - Removing Small Financial Barriers for CUNY Students. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Technology 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Veterans 4/28/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 4/24/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* New York City health care institutions to contract with industrial laundry companies that respect workers’ legal rights and adhere to area standards for wages and benefits. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Economic Development 4/24/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/24/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Veterans 4/23/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/23/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Land Use 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/17/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Women and Gender Equity. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil Service and Labor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Criminal Justice 4/16/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Aging 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with the Committee on Finance. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Immigration 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Immigration Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Housing 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Security Guards, Fire Guards, and NYCHA’s Oversight of Contractors. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video City Council Stated Meeting 4/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Technology 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the 311 customer service center to provide certain resources in response to tree pruning-related requests. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Fire and Emergency Management 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Flash flood preparedness outreach and evacuation guidance. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Long-term citywide bathroom strategy and to make other technical changes. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/10/2025   10:45 AM 10:45 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor VOTE* Prioritization of maintenance of trees adjacent to buildings and structures. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Safety 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/10/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/10/2025   9:30 AM 9:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video  previous day next day today Calendar Title and navigation Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << April 2025 S M T W T F S 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 April 2025   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30           Day Day Week Week Month Timeline Timeline Apr, 2025 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1302691&GUID=C46BD579-4197-4A54-9706-FBE779C9A0D2 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1294720&GUID=C8B09A76-7844-4266-9433-1F6E068B8986&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Meeting Name: City Council Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 4/10/2025 1:30 PM Minutes status: Final Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Minutes Meeting video: Video Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS , Stated Meeting Agenda Meeting Items (119) 119 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia 1. ROLL CALL Roll call Not available 2. INVOCATION - Delivered by: Rabbi Avraham Walkin, House of Worship CHAZAQ located at 141-24 Jewel Ave, Kew Gardens Hills, NY 11367.

Motion to spread the Invocation in full upon the record by Council Member Gennaro. Not available 3. ADOPTION OF MINUTES - Motion that the Minutes of the Stated Meeting of March 26, 2025 be adopted as printed by Council Member Banks. Not available 4. MESSAGES & PAPERS FROM THE MAYOR - None Not available 5. COMMUNICATIONS FROM CITY, COUNTY & BOROUGH OFFICES - None Not available M 0119-2025 * Preconsidered - Rules, Privileges and Elections Marc Landis - Democratic Elections Commissioner for New York County. Communication Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available 6. PETITIONS & COMMUNICATIONS - None Not available 7. LAND USE CALL-UPS – None Not available 8. COMMUNICATION FROM THE SPEAKER Not available 9. DISCUSSION OF GENERAL ORDERS Not available 10. REPORTS OF SPECIAL COMMITTEES - None Not available 11. REPORTS OF STANDING COMMITTEES Not available REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE ON CIVIL SERVICE AND LABOR Not available Int 0671-2024 A Carmen N. De La Rosa Amended and Coupled on GO Civil service examination fee waivers for high school students and first time applicants. Introduction This bill would authorize the Department of Citywide Administrative Services (DCAS) to waive the civil service examination fee for individuals who are enrolled at any public, private, or charter high school in New York City or who are first time applicants. Approved by Council Pass Action details Not available REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE ON FINANCE Not available LU 0271-2025 * Justin L. Brannan 15 Stratford Road, Block 5072, Lot 58, Brooklyn, Community District No. 14, Council Districts No. 40. Land Use Application Approved, by Council Pass Action details Not available Res 0845-2025 * Justin L. Brannan Preconsidered - Coupled on GO LU  271 - 15 Stratford Road, Block 5072, Lot 58, Brooklyn, Community District No. 14, Council Districts No. 40. Resolution Approved, by Council Pass Action details Not available LU 0272-2025 * Justin L. Brannan 1383 Plimpton Avenue HDFC, Block 2522, Lot 109, Bronx, Community District No. 4, Council Districts No. 16. Land Use Application Approved, by Council Pass Action details Not available Res 0846-2025 * Justin L. Brannan Preconsidered - Coupled on GO LU 272 - 1383 Plimpton Avenue HDFC, Block 2522, Lot 109, Bronx, Community District No. 4, Council Districts No. 16. Resolution Approved, by Council Pass Action details Not available REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE ON FIRE AND EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT Not available Int 0807-2024 A Selvena N. Brooks-Powers Amended and Coupled on GO Flash flood preparedness outreach and evacuation guidance. Introduction This bill would require New York City Emergency Management (NYCEM) to disseminate localized emergency preparedness materials in locations that are prone to flash floods, in order to increase public awareness as to the appropriate responses by members of the public to flash flood risks and to increase registration for an emergency notification system. Such efforts would involve outreach conduct in-person and via mass mailings, and target locations selected with consideration of: (i) a history of flash flood events; and (iii) the prevalence of subgrade dwellings. Additionally, NYCEM would be required to develop guidance for facilitating safe evacuation before flash flood emergencies. Approved by Council Pass Action details Not available REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE ON GOVERNMENTAL OPERATIONS, STATE & FEDERAL LEGISLATION Not available Int 0694-2024 A Sandy Nurse Amended and Coupled on GO Long-term citywide bathroom strategy and to make other technical changes. Introduction This bill would create a permanent, long-term strategic planning process for establishing and maintaining a citywide public bathroom network. This would be led by a Deputy Mayor in collaboration with the Department of City Planning, the Department of Parks and Recreation, the Department of Transportation, and any other agency with relevant experience and expertise. The relevant agency would be required to produce a strategic planning report, to be updated every 4 years, with the goal of providing at least 2,120 public bathrooms by 2035, at least half of which would be publicly owned. The strategic plan would propose a capital strategy, recommend law or policy changes to support bathroom openings or conversions, and identify sites that could be converted to public bathroom use. The report would recommend a design model for a modular bathroom facility as compliant with city requirements. The agency would also post a comprehensive online map of all public bathrooms in the City. Approved by Council Pass Action details Not available REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE ON LAND USE Not available LU 0244-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Approved with Modifications and Referred to the City Planning Commission pursuant to Section 197-(d) of the New York City Charter. Landmarks, Brownsville NCP, Brooklyn (C 250036 HAK). Land Use Application Approved with Modifications and Referred to the City Planning Commission pursuant to Section 197-(d) of the New York City Charter. Action details Not available LU 0245-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Approved with Modifications and Referred to the City Planning Commission pursuant to Section 197-(d) of the New York City Charter. Landmarks, Brownsville NCP, Brooklyn (C 250037 ZMK). Land Use Application Approved with Modifications and Referred to the City Planning Commission pursuant to Section 197-(d) of the New York City Charter. Action details Not available LU 0246-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Approved with Modifications and Referred to the City Planning Commission pursuant to Section 197-(d) of the New York City Charter. Landmarks, Brownsville NCP, Brooklyn (N 250038 ZRK). Land Use Application Approved with Modifications and Referred to the City Planning Commission pursuant to Section 197-(d) of the New York City Charter. Action details Not available REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE ON PARKS AND RECREATION Not available Int 0800-2024 A Nantasha M. Williams Amended and Coupled on GO Prioritization of maintenance of trees adjacent to buildings and structures. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR) to develop criteria by which they prioritize tree maintenance, taking into account the likelihood of potential harm to nearby or adjacent structures, whether a tree or limb that has already fallen is still capable of causing harm, and the proximity of a damaged tree or limb to nearby buildings. DPR would also be required to post a description of the criteria used to prioritize tree maintenance on its website. Approved by Council Pass Action details Not available REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE ON PUBLIC SAFETY Not available Int 0168-2024 A Amanda Farías Amended and Coupled on GO Department of investigation’s oversight of the police department use of surveillance technology. Introduction The Public Oversight of Surveillance Technology (POST) Act was enacted by City Council in 2020 and requires the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to evaluate and report on surveillance technologies used by the Department. This legislation would add new provisions to the law which would require that the NYPD, upon request, provide the Department of Investigation (DOI) with an itemized list of all surveillance technologies currently used by the Department, and provide information on all data access and retention policies for data collected by such technologies. In addition, the legislation requires that the NYPD provide DOI with semiannual updates on all newly acquired or discontinued surveillance technologies and updates to any data access and retention policies established in recently executed contracts for surveillance technologies. Approved by Council Pass Action details Not available Int 0233-2024 A Crystal Hudson Amended and Coupled on GO Establishment of a police department policy for using facial recognition technology and regular audits to ensure compliance. Introduction This legislation would require the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to publish on its website a written policy that establishes procedures and regulations for the Department’s use of facial recognition technologies. The legislation would also require that the NYPD conduct an annual audit of the Department’s use of facial recognition technology, share the findings of such audit with the Department of Investigation, and post such findings on the Department’s website. Approved by Council Pass Action details Not available Int 0480-2024 A Julie Won Amended and Coupled on GO Police department transparency in the use of surveillance technology. Introduction The Public Oversight of Surveillance Technology (POST) Act was enacted by the City Council in 2020 and requires the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to evaluate and report on surveillance technologies used by the Department. This legislation would clarify language in existing law to ensure increased transparency in NYPD’s required “Impact and Use Policies” (IUPs), specifically requiring: (1) that NYPD publishes IUPs for each distinct surveillance technology used by the Department; (2) that such IUPs fully identify each external entity by name that receives data gathered from such technology; (3) that such IUPs report on specific safeguards in place to prevent unauthorized dissemination of surveillance data; and (4) that such IUPs disclose evaluation of potential disparate impacts on protected groups arising from the NYPD’s use of such technologies. Additionally, NYPD would be required to develop policies regarding the circumstances under which any local, state, or federal government agency has access to data collected by the department using surveillance technology; and develop an internal tracking system to monitor instances where external entities are provided access to data gathered by surveillance technologeis. Approved by Council Pass Action details Not available REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE ON RULES, PRIVILEGES AND ELECTIONS Not available Res 0820-2025 * Keith Powers Coupled on GO Lauren Stossel, New York City Board of Corrections Resolution Approved, by Council Pass Action details Not available Res 0821-2025 * Keith Powers Coupled on GO Patricia Marthone, New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation Resolution Approved, by Council Pass Action details Not available M 0117-2025 * Public Advocate Jumaane Williams Leah Goodridge, City Planning Commission Communication Approved, by Council Pass Action details Not available Res 0847-2025 * Public Advocate Jumaane Williams Coupled on GO M 117 - Leah Goodridge, City Planning Commission Resolution Approved, by Council Pass Action details Not available M 0119-2025 * Marc Landis - Democratic Elections Commissioner for New York County. Communication Approved, by Council Pass Action details Not available Res 0848-2025 * Keith Powers Preconsidered - Coupled on GO M 119 - Marc Landis - Democratic Elections Commissioner for New York County. Resolution Approved, by Council Pass Action details Not available REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE ON TECHNOLOGY Not available Int 0978-2024 A Nantasha M. Williams Amended and Coupled on GO Requiring the 311 customer service center to provide certain resources in response to tree pruning-related requests. Introduction This bill would require the 311 Customer Service Center, in coordination with the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR), to provide 311 customers who file tree pruning-related service requests or information requests with online links to a map concerning tree inspections that is maintained by DPR as required by law, any map maintained by DPR that displays tree pruning schedules, and any informational webpage maintained by DPR on tree pruning. The 311 Customer Service Center would also have to provide these customers with any available informational resources concerning opportunities to receive volunteer certification in the pruning of street trees in New York City. Approved by Council Pass Action details Not available REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE Not available Int 1105-2024 A Selvena N. Brooks-Powers Amended and Coupled on GO Tracking progress made towards the requirements of the streets master plan. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Transportation, as part of its annual streets plan update, to provide a description of all projects planned for that year that will contribute to the requirements of the streets master plan, and the contribution each project will make to those requirements. The Department would also be required to provide updates three times a year about the progress of each project including the actual and estimated start and completion dates, community board presentations if applicable, project funding, and whether any delays or cost overruns have occurred, and additionally provide monthly updates about the current status of projects in the construction phase. Approved by Council Pass Action details Not available Int 1114-2024 A Julie Won Amended and Coupled on GO Requiring the commissioner of transportation to create an online capital project tracker. Introduction This bill would require the Commissioner of Transportation to create and maintain an online capital project tracker on the Department of Transportation’s (DOT) website, to be updated three times a year, which provides detailed information on each pending public-facing capital project under DOT’s jurisdiction. This tracker would not include any capital projects undertaken by DOT to address specific benchmarks included in any transportation master plan issued by DOT under section 19-199.1 of the Administrative Code. Approved by Council Pass Action details Not available 12. GENERAL ORDERS CALENDAR Not available T2024-0003 * ~coupled Coupled on GO Commissioner of Deeds Commissioner of Deeds Approved, by Council Pass Action details Not available COUPLED ON GENERAL ORDERS CALENDAR Not available ~coupled CIVIL SERVICE AND LABOR Not available Int 0671-2024 A Carmen N. De La Rosa ~coupled A and GO Civil service examination fee waivers for high school students and first time applicants. Introduction This bill would authorize the Department of Citywide Administrative Services (DCAS) to waive the civil service examination fee for individuals who are enrolled at any public, private, or charter high school in New York City or who are first time applicants. Action details Not available ~coupled FINANCE Not available Res 0845-2025 * Justin L. Brannan ~coupled Preconsidered - GO LU  271 - 15 Stratford Road, Block 5072, Lot 58, Brooklyn, Community District No. 14, Council Districts No. 40. Resolution Action details Not available Res 0846-2025 * Justin L. Brannan ~coupled Preconsidered - GO LU 272 - 1383 Plimpton Avenue HDFC, Block 2522, Lot 109, Bronx, Community District No. 4, Council Districts No. 16. Resolution Action details Not available ~coupled FIRE AND EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT Not available Int 0807-2024 A Selvena N. Brooks-Powers ~coupled A and GO Flash flood preparedness outreach and evacuation guidance. Introduction This bill would require New York City Emergency Management (NYCEM) to disseminate localized emergency preparedness materials in locations that are prone to flash floods, in order to increase public awareness as to the appropriate responses by members of the public to flash flood risks and to increase registration for an emergency notification system. Such efforts would involve outreach conduct in-person and via mass mailings, and target locations selected with consideration of: (i) a history of flash flood events; and (iii) the prevalence of subgrade dwellings. Additionally, NYCEM would be required to develop guidance for facilitating safe evacuation before flash flood emergencies. Action details Not available ~coupled REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE ON GOVERNMENTAL OPERATIONS, STATE & FEDERAL LEGISLATION Not available Int 0694-2024 A Sandy Nurse ~coupled A and GO Long-term citywide bathroom strategy and to make other technical changes. Introduction This bill would create a permanent, long-term strategic planning process for establishing and maintaining a citywide public bathroom network. This would be led by a Deputy Mayor in collaboration with the Department of City Planning, the Department of Parks and Recreation, the Department of Transportation, and any other agency with relevant experience and expertise. The relevant agency would be required to produce a strategic planning report, to be updated every 4 years, with the goal of providing at least 2,120 public bathrooms by 2035, at least half of which would be publicly owned. The strategic plan would propose a capital strategy, recommend law or policy changes to support bathroom openings or conversions, and identify sites that could be converted to public bathroom use. The report would recommend a design model for a modular bathroom facility as compliant with city requirements. The agency would also post a comprehensive online map of all public bathrooms in the City. Action details Not available ~coupled PARKS AND RECREATION Not available Int 0800-2024 A Nantasha M. Williams ~coupled A and GO Prioritization of maintenance of trees adjacent to buildings and structures. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR) to develop criteria by which they prioritize tree maintenance, taking into account the likelihood of potential harm to nearby or adjacent structures, whether a tree or limb that has already fallen is still capable of causing harm, and the proximity of a damaged tree or limb to nearby buildings. DPR would also be required to post a description of the criteria used to prioritize tree maintenance on its website. Action details Not available ~coupled PUBLIC SAFETY Not available Int 0168-2024 A Amanda Farías ~coupled A and GO Department of investigation’s oversight of the police department use of surveillance technology. Introduction The Public Oversight of Surveillance Technology (POST) Act was enacted by City Council in 2020 and requires the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to evaluate and report on surveillance technologies used by the Department. This legislation would add new provisions to the law which would require that the NYPD, upon request, provide the Department of Investigation (DOI) with an itemized list of all surveillance technologies currently used by the Department, and provide information on all data access and retention policies for data collected by such technologies. In addition, the legislation requires that the NYPD provide DOI with semiannual updates on all newly acquired or discontinued surveillance technologies and updates to any data access and retention policies established in recently executed contracts for surveillance technologies. Action details Not available Int 0233-2024 A Crystal Hudson ~coupled A and GO Establishment of a police department policy for using facial recognition technology and regular audits to ensure compliance. Introduction This legislation would require the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to publish on its website a written policy that establishes procedures and regulations for the Department’s use of facial recognition technologies. The legislation would also require that the NYPD conduct an annual audit of the Department’s use of facial recognition technology, share the findings of such audit with the Department of Investigation, and post such findings on the Department’s website. Action details Not available Int 0480-2024 A Julie Won ~coupled A and GO Police department transparency in the use of surveillance technology. Introduction The Public Oversight of Surveillance Technology (POST) Act was enacted by the City Council in 2020 and requires the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to evaluate and report on surveillance technologies used by the Department. This legislation would clarify language in existing law to ensure increased transparency in NYPD’s required “Impact and Use Policies” (IUPs), specifically requiring: (1) that NYPD publishes IUPs for each distinct surveillance technology used by the Department; (2) that such IUPs fully identify each external entity by name that receives data gathered from such technology; (3) that such IUPs report on specific safeguards in place to prevent unauthorized dissemination of surveillance data; and (4) that such IUPs disclose evaluation of potential disparate impacts on protected groups arising from the NYPD’s use of such technologies. Additionally, NYPD would be required to develop policies regarding the circumstances under which any local, state, or federal government agency has access to data collected by the department using surveillance technology; and develop an internal tracking system to monitor instances where external entities are provided access to data gathered by surveillance technologeis. Action details Not available ~coupled RULES, PRIVILEGES AND ELECTIONS Not available Res 0820-2025 * Keith Powers ~coupled GO Lauren Stossel, New York City Board of Corrections Resolution Action details Not available Res 0821-2025 * Keith Powers ~coupled GO Patricia Marthone, New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation Resolution Action details Not available Res 0847-2025 * Public Advocate Jumaane Williams ~coupled GO M 117 - Leah Goodridge, City Planning Commission Resolution Action details Not available Res 0848-2025 * Keith Powers ~coupled GO M 119 - Marc Landis - Democratic Elections Commissioner for New York County. Resolution Action details Not available ~coupled TECHNOLOGY Not available Int 0978-2024 A Nantasha M. Williams ~coupled A and GO Requiring the 311 customer service center to provide certain resources in response to tree pruning-related requests. Introduction This bill would require the 311 Customer Service Center, in coordination with the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR), to provide 311 customers who file tree pruning-related service requests or information requests with online links to a map concerning tree inspections that is maintained by DPR as required by law, any map maintained by DPR that displays tree pruning schedules, and any informational webpage maintained by DPR on tree pruning. The 311 Customer Service Center would also have to provide these customers with any available informational resources concerning opportunities to receive volunteer certification in the pruning of street trees in New York City. Action details Not available ~coupled TRANSPORTATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE Not available Int 1105-2024 A Selvena N. Brooks-Powers ~coupled A and GO Tracking progress made towards the requirements of the streets master plan. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Transportation, as part of its annual streets plan update, to provide a description of all projects planned for that year that will contribute to the requirements of the streets master plan, and the contribution each project will make to those requirements. The Department would also be required to provide updates three times a year about the progress of each project including the actual and estimated start and completion dates, community board presentations if applicable, project funding, and whether any delays or cost overruns have occurred, and additionally provide monthly updates about the current status of projects in the construction phase. Action details Not available Int 1114-2024 A Julie Won ~coupled A and GO Requiring the commissioner of transportation to create an online capital project tracker. Introduction This bill would require the Commissioner of Transportation to create and maintain an online capital project tracker on the Department of Transportation’s (DOT) website, to be updated three times a year, which provides detailed information on each pending public-facing capital project under DOT’s jurisdiction. This tracker would not include any capital projects undertaken by DOT to address specific benchmarks included in any transportation master plan issued by DOT under section 19-199.1 of the Administrative Code. Action details Not available ~coupled GENERAL ORDERS CALENDAR Not available T2024-0003 * ~coupled GO Commissioner of Deeds Commissioner of Deeds Action details Not available Pass Not available 13. INTRODUCTION & READING OF BILLS (SEE BELOW) Not available 14. DISCUSSION OF RESOLUTIONS Not available 15. RESOLUTIONS – Not available Res 0059-2024 A Selvena N. Brooks-Powers Amended and Adopted by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure MTA to conduct a comprehensive Environmental Impact Study on the viability of the proposed QueensLink project. Resolution Approved, by Council Pass Action details Not available Res 0187-2024 * Kevin C. Riley Adopted by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure MTA to conduct a comprehensive Environmental Impact Statement for the proposed Gun Hill Road Electric Bus Depot Charging Facility. Resolution Approved, by Council Pass Action details Not available Res 0333-2024 A Public Advocate Jumaane Williams Amended and Adopted by the Committee on Civil Service and Labor Eliminate the subminimum wage for employees based on their disability or age (S.28A /A.1006) Resolution Approved, by Council Pass Action details Not available Res 0729-2025 * Adrienne E. Adams Adopted by the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Condemning President Trump’s revocation of diversity, equity, and inclusion programs and policies at the federal level, and expressing support for such programs and policies at the city and state level. Resolution Approved, by Council Pass Action details Not available Res 0836-2025 * Adrienne E. Adams Preconsidered - Adopted by the Committee on Rules, Privileges, and Elections Authorizing the Speaker to take legal action on behalf of the Council of the City of New York to defend against the Adams Administration’s violation of Sanctuary City Laws and the Trump Administration’s attacks on the City of New York. Resolution Approved, by Council Pass Action details Not available 16. GENERAL DISCUSSION Not available 17. EXTENSION OF REMARKS Not available INTRODUCTION AND READING OF BILLS - Pursuant to Section 33-a of the New York City Charter, the New York City Council may vote on the following items no earlier than 30 days from the date of this notice. The New York City Council reserves the right to vote without the notice required pursuant to Section 33-a on any proposed local laws that do not relate to the public safety operations of the New York City Police Department, the Fire Department or the Department of Correction. Not available Res 0836-2025 * Adrienne E. Adams ~SPONSOR Preconsidered - Rules, Privileges, and Elections Authorizing the Speaker to take legal action on behalf of the Council of the City of New York to defend against the Adams Administration’s violation of Sanctuary City Laws and the Trump Administration’s attacks on the City of New York. Resolution Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Int 1228-2025 * Shaun Abreu ~SPONSOR Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Expanding the categories of businesses that may be subject to requirements regarding the disposal of commercial organic waste. Introduction This bill would expand the categories of businesses that can be designated by the Department of Sanitation (“DSNY”) to be subject to requirements regarding separation and disposal of organic waste, and would require DSNY to designate additional covered establishments by July 1, 2025.  Any covered establishment so designated would be required to comply with requirements regarding separation and disposal of organic waste when the commercial waste zone in which the establishment is located goes into effect, or within 6 months from DSNY’s designation if the commercial waste zone was already in effect. Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Int 1229-2025 * Joann Ariola ~SPONSOR Fire and Emergency Management Reporting on emergency medical services units. Introduction This bill would require the Fire Department (FDNY) to report on the availability of emergency medical services (EMS) units for each day of the prior calendar year, categorized by EMS unit type and EMS station. The reported information would include the total number of EMS units, and the total number of EMS units that are unable to respond to an emergency call, disaggregated by the reason for such inability. Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Int 1230-2025 * Joann Ariola ~SPONSOR Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Requiring the director of long-term planning and sustainability to conduct an infrastructure risk study in flood risk areas. Introduction This bill would require the Director of Long-Term Planning and Sustainability to conduct a study to assess the risk of infrastructure failures due to increased flood occurrences and future residential development in areas at risk of flooding. The director would be required to create an infrastructure risk score metric based on infrastructure, flooding, and development factors, and assign risk scores to at least 10 zones of flood risk area. The director would publish the study 24 months after the bill took effect. Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Res 0837-2025 * Joann Ariola ~SPONSOR Fire and Emergency Management MTA to install encased, alarmed, and publicly accessible fire extinguishers in MTA subway cars and stations. Resolution Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Res 0838-2025 * Joann Ariola ~SPONSOR Health Require a conviction under this provision to carry a sentence of at least 3 years, and for multiple convictions to carry consecutive sentences of at least 3 years per conviction (353-A). Resolution Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Res 0839-2025 * Alexa Avilés ~SPONSOR General Welfare Establish a SNAP and cash assistance fraud victims compensation fund (A03578/S00403). Resolution Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Int 1231-2025 * Chris Banks ~SPONSOR Consumer and Worker Protection Requiring tax preparers to provide customers with statements itemizing all charges. Introduction This bill would require tax preparers to provide customers with an itemized statements of charges, including charges for state and federal tax returns, software fees, filing fees, and fees related to refund anticipation loans and checks. Tax preparers would be required to provide the statement of charges in both a physical and electronic format. Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Int 1232-2025 * Chris Banks ~SPONSOR General Welfare Notifications for emergency rental assistance grant approvals. Introduction This bill would require the Human Resources Administration (“HRA”) to provide an automated text message or email notification upon the approval of an application for the Emergency Assistance Grant Program pertaining to rental assistance. Such approval notification shall be delivered to the tenant applying for assistance and the building owner or managing agent designated by the building owner to collect rental payments from the applicant, to the extent that such information is provided in the application. Notifications would include information on the monetary amount of the award via the emergency assistance grant, an estimated issuance date for the assistance, and the mode of delivery for the corresponding check. Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Int 1233-2025 * Erik D. Bottcher ~SPONSOR Transportation and Infrastructure The planting of vegetation on new medians separating bicycle lanes from motorized vehicle traffic. Introduction This bill would require the Commissioner of Transportation to build any new medians separating bicycle lanes from motorized vehicle traffic to accommodate the planting of trees and other vegetation based on feasibility determinations made by the Commissioner of Transportation and Commissioner of Parks and Recreation. The Commissioner of Parks and Recreation would be required to plant, or permit to be planted, trees and other vegetation in the new medians accordingly. Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Int 1234-2025 * Justin L. Brannan ~SPONSOR Finance Executive budget process. Introduction This bill would amend certain dates fixed in the New York City Charter in relation to the executive budget process. This bill would require the Director of the Independent Budget Office to publish a report analyzing the Mayor’s executive budget for the ensuing fiscal year no later than May 20 each year. Additionally, this bill would provide that between May 10 and May 31 each year, the Council shall hold public hearings on the Mayor’s executive budget. Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Int 1235-2025 * Gale A. Brewer ~SPONSOR Technology Creation of a centralized system for processing freedom of information law requests. Introduction This bill would require the commissioner of the Department of Records and Information Services (DoRIS) to create a centralized Freedom of Information Law (FOIL) request website to receive, track, update, and posts responses to agency FOIL requests. It would also require the commissioner to formulate performance guidelines for agencies based on FOIL response statistics for each agency, and to convene semi-annual meetings of agency FOIL officers regarding the implementation of, and updates for, this centralized FOIL website. Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Res 0840-2025 * Tiffany Cabán ~SPONSOR Women and Gender Equity Unequivocally opposing President Trump’s executive order restricting protections for transgender students and calling on the NYS Department of Education. Resolution Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Int 1236-2025 * David M. Carr ~SPONSOR Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Converting the mandatory residential curbside organics collection program to a voluntary program. Introduction This bill would require NYC Department of Sanitation (DSNY) to remove organic waste from the city’s list of designated recyclable materials, to repeal agency rules mandating participation in and facilitation of the City’s residential organic waste recycling program, and to repeal any mandatory organic waste recycling program and replace it with a similar voluntary program. Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Int 1237-2025 * Oswald Feliz ~SPONSOR Public Safety Requiring the police department to report on all criminal complaints and arrests. Introduction This bill would require the New York City Police Department (“NYPD”) to report data on all criminal complaints and arrests. Such data would include a listing of all criminal complaints reported to the NYPD, and information regarding each such complaint, including an indication of whether an arrest for the underlying complaint has occurred. Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Int 1238-2025 * Jennifer Gutiérrez ~SPONSOR Criminal Justice Provision of technology and support for people in custody with a pending criminal proceeding to securely receive and review evidence. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Correction (DOC) to ensure all persons in custody with a pending criminal proceeding have the technology and support necessary to securely receive and review case evidence via a department-issued tablet or through access provided in the law library. The bill also requires the Board of Correction to produce a report which evaluates the department of correction’s ability to provide technological access to evidence review. The report will include recommendations for improvement and the department of correction must subsequently responde and indicate if it intends to adopt those recommendations. Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Int 1239-2025 * Kamillah Hanks ~SPONSOR Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Establishing an office of the waterfront. Introduction This bill would establish an office of the waterfront, which would be responsible for coordinating among the various city agencies that handle matters related to waterfront use, supporting the Waterfront Management Advisory Board, and implementing the New York City Comprehensive Waterfront Plan. Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Res 0841-2025 * Crystal Hudson ~SPONSOR Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Designating April 6 annually as Lubavitcher Rebbe Day in the City of New York to honor Rabbi Menachem M. Schneerson for his remarkable life and lasting legacy. Resolution Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Int 1240-2025 * Rita C. Joseph ~SPONSOR Criminal Justice Establishment of a holistic needs assessment program. Introduction This bill would require the Mayor’s Office of Criminal Justice (MOCJ) to establish a holistic needs assessment program. Pursuant to the program, MOCJ will, upon consent, compete an asssement to identify mental health, physical health, substance abuse, intellectual disabilities, domestic violence and abuse history, history of trauma, emotional dysregulation, and other psychosocial conditions or circumstances at the time of a person’s arrest. This assessment will be provided to a person’s criminal defense attorney within 14 days of supreme court arraignment so that it may be used to inform charging, detention, release, or plea agreement decisions. Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Res 0842-2025 * Rita C. Joseph ~SPONSOR Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Recognizing the month of March annually as Music In Our Schools Month in the City of New York. Resolution Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Int 1241-2025 * Sandy Nurse ~SPONSOR Criminal Justice Department of correction early release 6A program. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Correction to conduct a study to determine any inefficiencies in the early release program established in accordance with Article 6A of the New York State Correction Law that permits sentenced individuals to be released from jail and serve the remainder of their sentence at home, under supervision. As part of the study, the Department of Correction would be required to develop recommendations for how to address those inefficiencies and expand the program to its fullest potential. It would also require the Department of Correction to produce a quarterly report on use of the early release (6A) program including the number of individuals who were considered for the program, accepted into the program and released, and rejected for the program. Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Int 1242-2025 * Sandy Nurse ~SPONSOR Criminal Justice Establishing a coordinator for Rikers Island closure and a coordinator for borough-based jail transition. Introduction This bill would require the establishment of an Office of Coordinator for Rikers Island Closure with a full-time coordinator and dedicated staff that reports directly to the Mayor. This new office will be responsible for coordinating actions and policies by agencies with a role in the closure of Rikers Island, including those with duties related to jail population reduction, design and construction of the borough-based jails, design and construction of outposted therapeutic housing units, correctional workforce development, training, and operations, and planning for the future use of Rikers Island for environmental sustainability and resiliency purposes.  In addition, this bill also requires the establishment of Coordinator for Borough-Based Jail Transition within the department of correction. Among other things, that position will be responsible for advising and assisting the commissioner and developing a strategic plan with recommended reforms to staff recruitment, training, supervision, assignments, scheduling, operations, and organizational culture that can be implemented in order to improve conditions for current jail staff and people in custody and facilitate a successful transition and improve safety for jail staff and people in custody at the borough-based jails and outposted therapeutic housing units. Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Int 1243-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. ~SPONSOR Fire and Emergency Management Creating uniform emergency response maps for city properties. Introduction This bill would require the creation of emergency response maps for all city properties, unless exempted by the Commissioner of the Office of Emergency Management. The bill would restrict the organizations allowed to carry out the required mapping to those that meet a set of prescribed qualifications, and would establish technical standards for the maps. Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Res 0843-2025 * Althea V.  Stevens ~SPONSOR Children and Youth NYSED and the New York State Office of Children and Family Services (OCFS) to prepare posters and pamphlets to ensure that foster youth are made aware of the higher education financial resources available to them (A5658A/S378). Resolution Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Int 1244-2025 * Nantasha M. Williams ~SPONSOR Environmental Protection, Resiliency & Waterfronts Creation of a groundwater flood risk area map. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Environmental Protection (“DEP”) to determine areas at risk of groundwater flooding in New York City and add such areas to the flood hazard area map. The bill would also require DEP to consider the need to update the groundwater flood risk area when new data related to groundwater levels in New York City are available. The bill would also amend Appendix U of the Building Code to prohibit cellar or basement accessory dwelling units in groundwater flood risk areas 90 days after DEP updates such map. Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Res 0844-2025 * Susan Zhuang ~SPONSOR Preconsidered - Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Recognizing May 10 annually as Chinese American Railroad Workers Memorial Day in New York City. Resolution Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available LU 0271-2025 * Justin L. Brannan ~SPONSOR Preconsidered - Finance 15 Stratford Road, Block 5072, Lot 58, Brooklyn, Community District No. 14, Council Districts No. 40. Land Use Application Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available LU 0272-2025 * Justin L. Brannan ~SPONSOR Preconsidered - Finance 1383 Plimpton Avenue HDFC, Block 2522, Lot 109, Bronx, Community District No. 4, Council Districts No. 16. Land Use Application Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available LU 0273-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. ~SPONSOR Preconsidered - Zoning and Franchises Zoning, 457 Nostrand Avenue Article XI Disposition, Brooklyn (G 250073 XAK) Land Use Application Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available LU 0273-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Zoning, 457 Nostrand Avenue Article XI Disposition, Brooklyn (G 250073 XAK) Land Use Application Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available LU 0274-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. ~SPONSOR Preconsidered - Zoning and Franchises Zoning, 1134-1142 Pacific Street Article XI Disposition, Brooklyn (G 250074 XAK) Land Use Application Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available LU 0274-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Zoning, 1134-1142 Pacific Street Article XI Disposition, Brooklyn (G 250074 XAK) Land Use Application Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: City Council Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/10/2025 1:30 PM 4/10/2025 1:30 PM Minutes status: Minutes status: Final Final  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Council Chambers - City Hall Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Minutes  Meeting video: Meeting video: Video Video  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS , Stated Meeting Agenda CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS , Stated Meeting Agenda Meeting Items (119) Meeting Items (119) Meeting Items (119) Meeting Items (119) 119 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 119 records 119 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia 1. ROLL CALL Roll call Not available 2. INVOCATION - Delivered by: Rabbi Avraham Walkin, House of Worship CHAZAQ located at 141-24 Jewel Ave, Kew Gardens Hills, NY 11367.

Motion to spread the Invocation in full upon the record by Council Member Gennaro. Not available 3. ADOPTION OF MINUTES - Motion that the Minutes of the Stated Meeting of March 26, 2025 be adopted as printed by Council Member Banks. Not available 4. MESSAGES & PAPERS FROM THE MAYOR - None Not available 5. COMMUNICATIONS FROM CITY, COUNTY & BOROUGH OFFICES - None Not available M 0119-2025 * Preconsidered - Rules, Privileges and Elections Marc Landis - Democratic Elections Commissioner for New York County. Communication Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available 6. PETITIONS & COMMUNICATIONS - None Not available 7. LAND USE CALL-UPS – None Not available 8. COMMUNICATION FROM THE SPEAKER Not available 9. DISCUSSION OF GENERAL ORDERS Not available 10. REPORTS OF SPECIAL COMMITTEES - None Not available 11. REPORTS OF STANDING COMMITTEES Not available REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE ON CIVIL SERVICE AND LABOR Not available Int 0671-2024 A Carmen N. De La Rosa Amended and Coupled on GO Civil service examination fee waivers for high school students and first time applicants. Introduction This bill would authorize the Department of Citywide Administrative Services (DCAS) to waive the civil service examination fee for individuals who are enrolled at any public, private, or charter high school in New York City or who are first time applicants. Approved by Council Pass Action details Not available REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE ON FINANCE Not available LU 0271-2025 * Justin L. Brannan 15 Stratford Road, Block 5072, Lot 58, Brooklyn, Community District No. 14, Council Districts No. 40. Land Use Application Approved, by Council Pass Action details Not available Res 0845-2025 * Justin L. Brannan Preconsidered - Coupled on GO LU  271 - 15 Stratford Road, Block 5072, Lot 58, Brooklyn, Community District No. 14, Council Districts No. 40. Resolution Approved, by Council Pass Action details Not available LU 0272-2025 * Justin L. Brannan 1383 Plimpton Avenue HDFC, Block 2522, Lot 109, Bronx, Community District No. 4, Council Districts No. 16. Land Use Application Approved, by Council Pass Action details Not available Res 0846-2025 * Justin L. Brannan Preconsidered - Coupled on GO LU 272 - 1383 Plimpton Avenue HDFC, Block 2522, Lot 109, Bronx, Community District No. 4, Council Districts No. 16. Resolution Approved, by Council Pass Action details Not available REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE ON FIRE AND EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT Not available Int 0807-2024 A Selvena N. Brooks-Powers Amended and Coupled on GO Flash flood preparedness outreach and evacuation guidance. Introduction This bill would require New York City Emergency Management (NYCEM) to disseminate localized emergency preparedness materials in locations that are prone to flash floods, in order to increase public awareness as to the appropriate responses by members of the public to flash flood risks and to increase registration for an emergency notification system. Such efforts would involve outreach conduct in-person and via mass mailings, and target locations selected with consideration of: (i) a history of flash flood events; and (iii) the prevalence of subgrade dwellings. Additionally, NYCEM would be required to develop guidance for facilitating safe evacuation before flash flood emergencies. Approved by Council Pass Action details Not available REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE ON GOVERNMENTAL OPERATIONS, STATE & FEDERAL LEGISLATION Not available Int 0694-2024 A Sandy Nurse Amended and Coupled on GO Long-term citywide bathroom strategy and to make other technical changes. Introduction This bill would create a permanent, long-term strategic planning process for establishing and maintaining a citywide public bathroom network. This would be led by a Deputy Mayor in collaboration with the Department of City Planning, the Department of Parks and Recreation, the Department of Transportation, and any other agency with relevant experience and expertise. The relevant agency would be required to produce a strategic planning report, to be updated every 4 years, with the goal of providing at least 2,120 public bathrooms by 2035, at least half of which would be publicly owned. The strategic plan would propose a capital strategy, recommend law or policy changes to support bathroom openings or conversions, and identify sites that could be converted to public bathroom use. The report would recommend a design model for a modular bathroom facility as compliant with city requirements. The agency would also post a comprehensive online map of all public bathrooms in the City. Approved by Council Pass Action details Not available REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE ON LAND USE Not available LU 0244-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Approved with Modifications and Referred to the City Planning Commission pursuant to Section 197-(d) of the New York City Charter. Landmarks, Brownsville NCP, Brooklyn (C 250036 HAK). Land Use Application Approved with Modifications and Referred to the City Planning Commission pursuant to Section 197-(d) of the New York City Charter. Action details Not available LU 0245-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Approved with Modifications and Referred to the City Planning Commission pursuant to Section 197-(d) of the New York City Charter. Landmarks, Brownsville NCP, Brooklyn (C 250037 ZMK). Land Use Application Approved with Modifications and Referred to the City Planning Commission pursuant to Section 197-(d) of the New York City Charter. Action details Not available LU 0246-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Approved with Modifications and Referred to the City Planning Commission pursuant to Section 197-(d) of the New York City Charter. Landmarks, Brownsville NCP, Brooklyn (N 250038 ZRK). Land Use Application Approved with Modifications and Referred to the City Planning Commission pursuant to Section 197-(d) of the New York City Charter. Action details Not available REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE ON PARKS AND RECREATION Not available Int 0800-2024 A Nantasha M. Williams Amended and Coupled on GO Prioritization of maintenance of trees adjacent to buildings and structures. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR) to develop criteria by which they prioritize tree maintenance, taking into account the likelihood of potential harm to nearby or adjacent structures, whether a tree or limb that has already fallen is still capable of causing harm, and the proximity of a damaged tree or limb to nearby buildings. DPR would also be required to post a description of the criteria used to prioritize tree maintenance on its website. Approved by Council Pass Action details Not available REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE ON PUBLIC SAFETY Not available Int 0168-2024 A Amanda Farías Amended and Coupled on GO Department of investigation’s oversight of the police department use of surveillance technology. Introduction The Public Oversight of Surveillance Technology (POST) Act was enacted by City Council in 2020 and requires the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to evaluate and report on surveillance technologies used by the Department. This legislation would add new provisions to the law which would require that the NYPD, upon request, provide the Department of Investigation (DOI) with an itemized list of all surveillance technologies currently used by the Department, and provide information on all data access and retention policies for data collected by such technologies. In addition, the legislation requires that the NYPD provide DOI with semiannual updates on all newly acquired or discontinued surveillance technologies and updates to any data access and retention policies established in recently executed contracts for surveillance technologies. Approved by Council Pass Action details Not available Int 0233-2024 A Crystal Hudson Amended and Coupled on GO Establishment of a police department policy for using facial recognition technology and regular audits to ensure compliance. Introduction This legislation would require the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to publish on its website a written policy that establishes procedures and regulations for the Department’s use of facial recognition technologies. The legislation would also require that the NYPD conduct an annual audit of the Department’s use of facial recognition technology, share the findings of such audit with the Department of Investigation, and post such findings on the Department’s website. Approved by Council Pass Action details Not available Int 0480-2024 A Julie Won Amended and Coupled on GO Police department transparency in the use of surveillance technology. Introduction The Public Oversight of Surveillance Technology (POST) Act was enacted by the City Council in 2020 and requires the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to evaluate and report on surveillance technologies used by the Department. This legislation would clarify language in existing law to ensure increased transparency in NYPD’s required “Impact and Use Policies” (IUPs), specifically requiring: (1) that NYPD publishes IUPs for each distinct surveillance technology used by the Department; (2) that such IUPs fully identify each external entity by name that receives data gathered from such technology; (3) that such IUPs report on specific safeguards in place to prevent unauthorized dissemination of surveillance data; and (4) that such IUPs disclose evaluation of potential disparate impacts on protected groups arising from the NYPD’s use of such technologies. Additionally, NYPD would be required to develop policies regarding the circumstances under which any local, state, or federal government agency has access to data collected by the department using surveillance technology; and develop an internal tracking system to monitor instances where external entities are provided access to data gathered by surveillance technologeis. Approved by Council Pass Action details Not available REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE ON RULES, PRIVILEGES AND ELECTIONS Not available Res 0820-2025 * Keith Powers Coupled on GO Lauren Stossel, New York City Board of Corrections Resolution Approved, by Council Pass Action details Not available Res 0821-2025 * Keith Powers Coupled on GO Patricia Marthone, New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation Resolution Approved, by Council Pass Action details Not available M 0117-2025 * Public Advocate Jumaane Williams Leah Goodridge, City Planning Commission Communication Approved, by Council Pass Action details Not available Res 0847-2025 * Public Advocate Jumaane Williams Coupled on GO M 117 - Leah Goodridge, City Planning Commission Resolution Approved, by Council Pass Action details Not available M 0119-2025 * Marc Landis - Democratic Elections Commissioner for New York County. Communication Approved, by Council Pass Action details Not available Res 0848-2025 * Keith Powers Preconsidered - Coupled on GO M 119 - Marc Landis - Democratic Elections Commissioner for New York County. Resolution Approved, by Council Pass Action details Not available REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE ON TECHNOLOGY Not available Int 0978-2024 A Nantasha M. Williams Amended and Coupled on GO Requiring the 311 customer service center to provide certain resources in response to tree pruning-related requests. Introduction This bill would require the 311 Customer Service Center, in coordination with the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR), to provide 311 customers who file tree pruning-related service requests or information requests with online links to a map concerning tree inspections that is maintained by DPR as required by law, any map maintained by DPR that displays tree pruning schedules, and any informational webpage maintained by DPR on tree pruning. The 311 Customer Service Center would also have to provide these customers with any available informational resources concerning opportunities to receive volunteer certification in the pruning of street trees in New York City. Approved by Council Pass Action details Not available REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE Not available Int 1105-2024 A Selvena N. Brooks-Powers Amended and Coupled on GO Tracking progress made towards the requirements of the streets master plan. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Transportation, as part of its annual streets plan update, to provide a description of all projects planned for that year that will contribute to the requirements of the streets master plan, and the contribution each project will make to those requirements. The Department would also be required to provide updates three times a year about the progress of each project including the actual and estimated start and completion dates, community board presentations if applicable, project funding, and whether any delays or cost overruns have occurred, and additionally provide monthly updates about the current status of projects in the construction phase. Approved by Council Pass Action details Not available Int 1114-2024 A Julie Won Amended and Coupled on GO Requiring the commissioner of transportation to create an online capital project tracker. Introduction This bill would require the Commissioner of Transportation to create and maintain an online capital project tracker on the Department of Transportation’s (DOT) website, to be updated three times a year, which provides detailed information on each pending public-facing capital project under DOT’s jurisdiction. This tracker would not include any capital projects undertaken by DOT to address specific benchmarks included in any transportation master plan issued by DOT under section 19-199.1 of the Administrative Code. Approved by Council Pass Action details Not available 12. GENERAL ORDERS CALENDAR Not available T2024-0003 * ~coupled Coupled on GO Commissioner of Deeds Commissioner of Deeds Approved, by Council Pass Action details Not available COUPLED ON GENERAL ORDERS CALENDAR Not available ~coupled CIVIL SERVICE AND LABOR Not available Int 0671-2024 A Carmen N. De La Rosa ~coupled A and GO Civil service examination fee waivers for high school students and first time applicants. Introduction This bill would authorize the Department of Citywide Administrative Services (DCAS) to waive the civil service examination fee for individuals who are enrolled at any public, private, or charter high school in New York City or who are first time applicants. Action details Not available ~coupled FINANCE Not available Res 0845-2025 * Justin L. Brannan ~coupled Preconsidered - GO LU  271 - 15 Stratford Road, Block 5072, Lot 58, Brooklyn, Community District No. 14, Council Districts No. 40. Resolution Action details Not available Res 0846-2025 * Justin L. Brannan ~coupled Preconsidered - GO LU 272 - 1383 Plimpton Avenue HDFC, Block 2522, Lot 109, Bronx, Community District No. 4, Council Districts No. 16. Resolution Action details Not available ~coupled FIRE AND EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT Not available Int 0807-2024 A Selvena N. Brooks-Powers ~coupled A and GO Flash flood preparedness outreach and evacuation guidance. Introduction This bill would require New York City Emergency Management (NYCEM) to disseminate localized emergency preparedness materials in locations that are prone to flash floods, in order to increase public awareness as to the appropriate responses by members of the public to flash flood risks and to increase registration for an emergency notification system. Such efforts would involve outreach conduct in-person and via mass mailings, and target locations selected with consideration of: (i) a history of flash flood events; and (iii) the prevalence of subgrade dwellings. Additionally, NYCEM would be required to develop guidance for facilitating safe evacuation before flash flood emergencies. Action details Not available ~coupled REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE ON GOVERNMENTAL OPERATIONS, STATE & FEDERAL LEGISLATION Not available Int 0694-2024 A Sandy Nurse ~coupled A and GO Long-term citywide bathroom strategy and to make other technical changes. Introduction This bill would create a permanent, long-term strategic planning process for establishing and maintaining a citywide public bathroom network. This would be led by a Deputy Mayor in collaboration with the Department of City Planning, the Department of Parks and Recreation, the Department of Transportation, and any other agency with relevant experience and expertise. The relevant agency would be required to produce a strategic planning report, to be updated every 4 years, with the goal of providing at least 2,120 public bathrooms by 2035, at least half of which would be publicly owned. The strategic plan would propose a capital strategy, recommend law or policy changes to support bathroom openings or conversions, and identify sites that could be converted to public bathroom use. The report would recommend a design model for a modular bathroom facility as compliant with city requirements. The agency would also post a comprehensive online map of all public bathrooms in the City. Action details Not available ~coupled PARKS AND RECREATION Not available Int 0800-2024 A Nantasha M. Williams ~coupled A and GO Prioritization of maintenance of trees adjacent to buildings and structures. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR) to develop criteria by which they prioritize tree maintenance, taking into account the likelihood of potential harm to nearby or adjacent structures, whether a tree or limb that has already fallen is still capable of causing harm, and the proximity of a damaged tree or limb to nearby buildings. DPR would also be required to post a description of the criteria used to prioritize tree maintenance on its website. Action details Not available ~coupled PUBLIC SAFETY Not available Int 0168-2024 A Amanda Farías ~coupled A and GO Department of investigation’s oversight of the police department use of surveillance technology. Introduction The Public Oversight of Surveillance Technology (POST) Act was enacted by City Council in 2020 and requires the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to evaluate and report on surveillance technologies used by the Department. This legislation would add new provisions to the law which would require that the NYPD, upon request, provide the Department of Investigation (DOI) with an itemized list of all surveillance technologies currently used by the Department, and provide information on all data access and retention policies for data collected by such technologies. In addition, the legislation requires that the NYPD provide DOI with semiannual updates on all newly acquired or discontinued surveillance technologies and updates to any data access and retention policies established in recently executed contracts for surveillance technologies. Action details Not available Int 0233-2024 A Crystal Hudson ~coupled A and GO Establishment of a police department policy for using facial recognition technology and regular audits to ensure compliance. Introduction This legislation would require the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to publish on its website a written policy that establishes procedures and regulations for the Department’s use of facial recognition technologies. The legislation would also require that the NYPD conduct an annual audit of the Department’s use of facial recognition technology, share the findings of such audit with the Department of Investigation, and post such findings on the Department’s website. Action details Not available Int 0480-2024 A Julie Won ~coupled A and GO Police department transparency in the use of surveillance technology. Introduction The Public Oversight of Surveillance Technology (POST) Act was enacted by the City Council in 2020 and requires the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to evaluate and report on surveillance technologies used by the Department. This legislation would clarify language in existing law to ensure increased transparency in NYPD’s required “Impact and Use Policies” (IUPs), specifically requiring: (1) that NYPD publishes IUPs for each distinct surveillance technology used by the Department; (2) that such IUPs fully identify each external entity by name that receives data gathered from such technology; (3) that such IUPs report on specific safeguards in place to prevent unauthorized dissemination of surveillance data; and (4) that such IUPs disclose evaluation of potential disparate impacts on protected groups arising from the NYPD’s use of such technologies. Additionally, NYPD would be required to develop policies regarding the circumstances under which any local, state, or federal government agency has access to data collected by the department using surveillance technology; and develop an internal tracking system to monitor instances where external entities are provided access to data gathered by surveillance technologeis. Action details Not available ~coupled RULES, PRIVILEGES AND ELECTIONS Not available Res 0820-2025 * Keith Powers ~coupled GO Lauren Stossel, New York City Board of Corrections Resolution Action details Not available Res 0821-2025 * Keith Powers ~coupled GO Patricia Marthone, New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation Resolution Action details Not available Res 0847-2025 * Public Advocate Jumaane Williams ~coupled GO M 117 - Leah Goodridge, City Planning Commission Resolution Action details Not available Res 0848-2025 * Keith Powers ~coupled GO M 119 - Marc Landis - Democratic Elections Commissioner for New York County. Resolution Action details Not available ~coupled TECHNOLOGY Not available Int 0978-2024 A Nantasha M. Williams ~coupled A and GO Requiring the 311 customer service center to provide certain resources in response to tree pruning-related requests. Introduction This bill would require the 311 Customer Service Center, in coordination with the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR), to provide 311 customers who file tree pruning-related service requests or information requests with online links to a map concerning tree inspections that is maintained by DPR as required by law, any map maintained by DPR that displays tree pruning schedules, and any informational webpage maintained by DPR on tree pruning. The 311 Customer Service Center would also have to provide these customers with any available informational resources concerning opportunities to receive volunteer certification in the pruning of street trees in New York City. Action details Not available ~coupled TRANSPORTATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE Not available Int 1105-2024 A Selvena N. Brooks-Powers ~coupled A and GO Tracking progress made towards the requirements of the streets master plan. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Transportation, as part of its annual streets plan update, to provide a description of all projects planned for that year that will contribute to the requirements of the streets master plan, and the contribution each project will make to those requirements. The Department would also be required to provide updates three times a year about the progress of each project including the actual and estimated start and completion dates, community board presentations if applicable, project funding, and whether any delays or cost overruns have occurred, and additionally provide monthly updates about the current status of projects in the construction phase. Action details Not available Int 1114-2024 A Julie Won ~coupled A and GO Requiring the commissioner of transportation to create an online capital project tracker. Introduction This bill would require the Commissioner of Transportation to create and maintain an online capital project tracker on the Department of Transportation’s (DOT) website, to be updated three times a year, which provides detailed information on each pending public-facing capital project under DOT’s jurisdiction. This tracker would not include any capital projects undertaken by DOT to address specific benchmarks included in any transportation master plan issued by DOT under section 19-199.1 of the Administrative Code. Action details Not available ~coupled GENERAL ORDERS CALENDAR Not available T2024-0003 * ~coupled GO Commissioner of Deeds Commissioner of Deeds Action details Not available Pass Not available 13. INTRODUCTION & READING OF BILLS (SEE BELOW) Not available 14. DISCUSSION OF RESOLUTIONS Not available 15. RESOLUTIONS – Not available Res 0059-2024 A Selvena N. Brooks-Powers Amended and Adopted by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure MTA to conduct a comprehensive Environmental Impact Study on the viability of the proposed QueensLink project. Resolution Approved, by Council Pass Action details Not available Res 0187-2024 * Kevin C. Riley Adopted by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure MTA to conduct a comprehensive Environmental Impact Statement for the proposed Gun Hill Road Electric Bus Depot Charging Facility. Resolution Approved, by Council Pass Action details Not available Res 0333-2024 A Public Advocate Jumaane Williams Amended and Adopted by the Committee on Civil Service and Labor Eliminate the subminimum wage for employees based on their disability or age (S.28A /A.1006) Resolution Approved, by Council Pass Action details Not available Res 0729-2025 * Adrienne E. Adams Adopted by the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Condemning President Trump’s revocation of diversity, equity, and inclusion programs and policies at the federal level, and expressing support for such programs and policies at the city and state level. Resolution Approved, by Council Pass Action details Not available Res 0836-2025 * Adrienne E. Adams Preconsidered - Adopted by the Committee on Rules, Privileges, and Elections Authorizing the Speaker to take legal action on behalf of the Council of the City of New York to defend against the Adams Administration’s violation of Sanctuary City Laws and the Trump Administration’s attacks on the City of New York. Resolution Approved, by Council Pass Action details Not available 16. GENERAL DISCUSSION Not available 17. EXTENSION OF REMARKS Not available INTRODUCTION AND READING OF BILLS - Pursuant to Section 33-a of the New York City Charter, the New York City Council may vote on the following items no earlier than 30 days from the date of this notice. The New York City Council reserves the right to vote without the notice required pursuant to Section 33-a on any proposed local laws that do not relate to the public safety operations of the New York City Police Department, the Fire Department or the Department of Correction. Not available Res 0836-2025 * Adrienne E. Adams ~SPONSOR Preconsidered - Rules, Privileges, and Elections Authorizing the Speaker to take legal action on behalf of the Council of the City of New York to defend against the Adams Administration’s violation of Sanctuary City Laws and the Trump Administration’s attacks on the City of New York. Resolution Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Int 1228-2025 * Shaun Abreu ~SPONSOR Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Expanding the categories of businesses that may be subject to requirements regarding the disposal of commercial organic waste. Introduction This bill would expand the categories of businesses that can be designated by the Department of Sanitation (“DSNY”) to be subject to requirements regarding separation and disposal of organic waste, and would require DSNY to designate additional covered establishments by July 1, 2025.  Any covered establishment so designated would be required to comply with requirements regarding separation and disposal of organic waste when the commercial waste zone in which the establishment is located goes into effect, or within 6 months from DSNY’s designation if the commercial waste zone was already in effect. Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Int 1229-2025 * Joann Ariola ~SPONSOR Fire and Emergency Management Reporting on emergency medical services units. Introduction This bill would require the Fire Department (FDNY) to report on the availability of emergency medical services (EMS) units for each day of the prior calendar year, categorized by EMS unit type and EMS station. The reported information would include the total number of EMS units, and the total number of EMS units that are unable to respond to an emergency call, disaggregated by the reason for such inability. Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Int 1230-2025 * Joann Ariola ~SPONSOR Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Requiring the director of long-term planning and sustainability to conduct an infrastructure risk study in flood risk areas. Introduction This bill would require the Director of Long-Term Planning and Sustainability to conduct a study to assess the risk of infrastructure failures due to increased flood occurrences and future residential development in areas at risk of flooding. The director would be required to create an infrastructure risk score metric based on infrastructure, flooding, and development factors, and assign risk scores to at least 10 zones of flood risk area. The director would publish the study 24 months after the bill took effect. Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Res 0837-2025 * Joann Ariola ~SPONSOR Fire and Emergency Management MTA to install encased, alarmed, and publicly accessible fire extinguishers in MTA subway cars and stations. Resolution Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Res 0838-2025 * Joann Ariola ~SPONSOR Health Require a conviction under this provision to carry a sentence of at least 3 years, and for multiple convictions to carry consecutive sentences of at least 3 years per conviction (353-A). Resolution Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Res 0839-2025 * Alexa Avilés ~SPONSOR General Welfare Establish a SNAP and cash assistance fraud victims compensation fund (A03578/S00403). Resolution Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Int 1231-2025 * Chris Banks ~SPONSOR Consumer and Worker Protection Requiring tax preparers to provide customers with statements itemizing all charges. Introduction This bill would require tax preparers to provide customers with an itemized statements of charges, including charges for state and federal tax returns, software fees, filing fees, and fees related to refund anticipation loans and checks. Tax preparers would be required to provide the statement of charges in both a physical and electronic format. Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Int 1232-2025 * Chris Banks ~SPONSOR General Welfare Notifications for emergency rental assistance grant approvals. Introduction This bill would require the Human Resources Administration (“HRA”) to provide an automated text message or email notification upon the approval of an application for the Emergency Assistance Grant Program pertaining to rental assistance. Such approval notification shall be delivered to the tenant applying for assistance and the building owner or managing agent designated by the building owner to collect rental payments from the applicant, to the extent that such information is provided in the application. Notifications would include information on the monetary amount of the award via the emergency assistance grant, an estimated issuance date for the assistance, and the mode of delivery for the corresponding check. Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Int 1233-2025 * Erik D. Bottcher ~SPONSOR Transportation and Infrastructure The planting of vegetation on new medians separating bicycle lanes from motorized vehicle traffic. Introduction This bill would require the Commissioner of Transportation to build any new medians separating bicycle lanes from motorized vehicle traffic to accommodate the planting of trees and other vegetation based on feasibility determinations made by the Commissioner of Transportation and Commissioner of Parks and Recreation. The Commissioner of Parks and Recreation would be required to plant, or permit to be planted, trees and other vegetation in the new medians accordingly. Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Int 1234-2025 * Justin L. Brannan ~SPONSOR Finance Executive budget process. Introduction This bill would amend certain dates fixed in the New York City Charter in relation to the executive budget process. This bill would require the Director of the Independent Budget Office to publish a report analyzing the Mayor’s executive budget for the ensuing fiscal year no later than May 20 each year. Additionally, this bill would provide that between May 10 and May 31 each year, the Council shall hold public hearings on the Mayor’s executive budget. Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Int 1235-2025 * Gale A. Brewer ~SPONSOR Technology Creation of a centralized system for processing freedom of information law requests. Introduction This bill would require the commissioner of the Department of Records and Information Services (DoRIS) to create a centralized Freedom of Information Law (FOIL) request website to receive, track, update, and posts responses to agency FOIL requests. It would also require the commissioner to formulate performance guidelines for agencies based on FOIL response statistics for each agency, and to convene semi-annual meetings of agency FOIL officers regarding the implementation of, and updates for, this centralized FOIL website. Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Res 0840-2025 * Tiffany Cabán ~SPONSOR Women and Gender Equity Unequivocally opposing President Trump’s executive order restricting protections for transgender students and calling on the NYS Department of Education. Resolution Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Int 1236-2025 * David M. Carr ~SPONSOR Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Converting the mandatory residential curbside organics collection program to a voluntary program. Introduction This bill would require NYC Department of Sanitation (DSNY) to remove organic waste from the city’s list of designated recyclable materials, to repeal agency rules mandating participation in and facilitation of the City’s residential organic waste recycling program, and to repeal any mandatory organic waste recycling program and replace it with a similar voluntary program. Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Int 1237-2025 * Oswald Feliz ~SPONSOR Public Safety Requiring the police department to report on all criminal complaints and arrests. Introduction This bill would require the New York City Police Department (“NYPD”) to report data on all criminal complaints and arrests. Such data would include a listing of all criminal complaints reported to the NYPD, and information regarding each such complaint, including an indication of whether an arrest for the underlying complaint has occurred. Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Int 1238-2025 * Jennifer Gutiérrez ~SPONSOR Criminal Justice Provision of technology and support for people in custody with a pending criminal proceeding to securely receive and review evidence. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Correction (DOC) to ensure all persons in custody with a pending criminal proceeding have the technology and support necessary to securely receive and review case evidence via a department-issued tablet or through access provided in the law library. The bill also requires the Board of Correction to produce a report which evaluates the department of correction’s ability to provide technological access to evidence review. The report will include recommendations for improvement and the department of correction must subsequently responde and indicate if it intends to adopt those recommendations. Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Int 1239-2025 * Kamillah Hanks ~SPONSOR Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Establishing an office of the waterfront. Introduction This bill would establish an office of the waterfront, which would be responsible for coordinating among the various city agencies that handle matters related to waterfront use, supporting the Waterfront Management Advisory Board, and implementing the New York City Comprehensive Waterfront Plan. Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Res 0841-2025 * Crystal Hudson ~SPONSOR Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Designating April 6 annually as Lubavitcher Rebbe Day in the City of New York to honor Rabbi Menachem M. Schneerson for his remarkable life and lasting legacy. Resolution Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Int 1240-2025 * Rita C. Joseph ~SPONSOR Criminal Justice Establishment of a holistic needs assessment program. Introduction This bill would require the Mayor’s Office of Criminal Justice (MOCJ) to establish a holistic needs assessment program. Pursuant to the program, MOCJ will, upon consent, compete an asssement to identify mental health, physical health, substance abuse, intellectual disabilities, domestic violence and abuse history, history of trauma, emotional dysregulation, and other psychosocial conditions or circumstances at the time of a person’s arrest. This assessment will be provided to a person’s criminal defense attorney within 14 days of supreme court arraignment so that it may be used to inform charging, detention, release, or plea agreement decisions. Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Res 0842-2025 * Rita C. Joseph ~SPONSOR Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Recognizing the month of March annually as Music In Our Schools Month in the City of New York. Resolution Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Int 1241-2025 * Sandy Nurse ~SPONSOR Criminal Justice Department of correction early release 6A program. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Correction to conduct a study to determine any inefficiencies in the early release program established in accordance with Article 6A of the New York State Correction Law that permits sentenced individuals to be released from jail and serve the remainder of their sentence at home, under supervision. As part of the study, the Department of Correction would be required to develop recommendations for how to address those inefficiencies and expand the program to its fullest potential. It would also require the Department of Correction to produce a quarterly report on use of the early release (6A) program including the number of individuals who were considered for the program, accepted into the program and released, and rejected for the program. Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Int 1242-2025 * Sandy Nurse ~SPONSOR Criminal Justice Establishing a coordinator for Rikers Island closure and a coordinator for borough-based jail transition. Introduction This bill would require the establishment of an Office of Coordinator for Rikers Island Closure with a full-time coordinator and dedicated staff that reports directly to the Mayor. This new office will be responsible for coordinating actions and policies by agencies with a role in the closure of Rikers Island, including those with duties related to jail population reduction, design and construction of the borough-based jails, design and construction of outposted therapeutic housing units, correctional workforce development, training, and operations, and planning for the future use of Rikers Island for environmental sustainability and resiliency purposes.  In addition, this bill also requires the establishment of Coordinator for Borough-Based Jail Transition within the department of correction. Among other things, that position will be responsible for advising and assisting the commissioner and developing a strategic plan with recommended reforms to staff recruitment, training, supervision, assignments, scheduling, operations, and organizational culture that can be implemented in order to improve conditions for current jail staff and people in custody and facilitate a successful transition and improve safety for jail staff and people in custody at the borough-based jails and outposted therapeutic housing units. Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Int 1243-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. ~SPONSOR Fire and Emergency Management Creating uniform emergency response maps for city properties. Introduction This bill would require the creation of emergency response maps for all city properties, unless exempted by the Commissioner of the Office of Emergency Management. The bill would restrict the organizations allowed to carry out the required mapping to those that meet a set of prescribed qualifications, and would establish technical standards for the maps. Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Res 0843-2025 * Althea V.  Stevens ~SPONSOR Children and Youth NYSED and the New York State Office of Children and Family Services (OCFS) to prepare posters and pamphlets to ensure that foster youth are made aware of the higher education financial resources available to them (A5658A/S378). Resolution Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Int 1244-2025 * Nantasha M. Williams ~SPONSOR Environmental Protection, Resiliency & Waterfronts Creation of a groundwater flood risk area map. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Environmental Protection (“DEP”) to determine areas at risk of groundwater flooding in New York City and add such areas to the flood hazard area map. The bill would also require DEP to consider the need to update the groundwater flood risk area when new data related to groundwater levels in New York City are available. The bill would also amend Appendix U of the Building Code to prohibit cellar or basement accessory dwelling units in groundwater flood risk areas 90 days after DEP updates such map. Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available Res 0844-2025 * Susan Zhuang ~SPONSOR Preconsidered - Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Recognizing May 10 annually as Chinese American Railroad Workers Memorial Day in New York City. Resolution Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available LU 0271-2025 * Justin L. Brannan ~SPONSOR Preconsidered - Finance 15 Stratford Road, Block 5072, Lot 58, Brooklyn, Community District No. 14, Council Districts No. 40. Land Use Application Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available LU 0272-2025 * Justin L. Brannan ~SPONSOR Preconsidered - Finance 1383 Plimpton Avenue HDFC, Block 2522, Lot 109, Bronx, Community District No. 4, Council Districts No. 16. Land Use Application Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available LU 0273-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. ~SPONSOR Preconsidered - Zoning and Franchises Zoning, 457 Nostrand Avenue Article XI Disposition, Brooklyn (G 250073 XAK) Land Use Application Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available LU 0273-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Zoning, 457 Nostrand Avenue Article XI Disposition, Brooklyn (G 250073 XAK) Land Use Application Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available LU 0274-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. ~SPONSOR Preconsidered - Zoning and Franchises Zoning, 1134-1142 Pacific Street Article XI Disposition, Brooklyn (G 250074 XAK) Land Use Application Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available LU 0274-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Zoning, 1134-1142 Pacific Street Article XI Disposition, Brooklyn (G 250074 XAK) Land Use Application Referred to Comm by Council Action details Not available    1. ROLL CALL      Roll call Not available Not available    2. INVOCATION - Delivered by: Rabbi Avraham Walkin, House of Worship CHAZAQ located at 141-24 Jewel Ave, Kew Gardens Hills, NY 11367.

Motion to spread the Invocation in full upon the record by Council Member Gennaro.       Not available Not available    3. ADOPTION OF MINUTES - Motion that the Minutes of the Stated Meeting of March 26, 2025 be adopted as printed by Council Member Banks.       Not available Not available    4. MESSAGES & PAPERS FROM THE MAYOR - None       Not available Not available    5. COMMUNICATIONS FROM CITY, COUNTY & BOROUGH OFFICES - None       Not available Not available M 0119-2025 *   Preconsidered - Rules, Privileges and Elections Marc Landis - Democratic Elections Commissioner for New York County. Communication  Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Not available Not available    6. PETITIONS & COMMUNICATIONS - None       Not available Not available    7. LAND USE CALL-UPS – None       Not available Not available    8. COMMUNICATION FROM THE SPEAKER       Not available Not available    9. DISCUSSION OF GENERAL ORDERS       Not available Not available    10. REPORTS OF SPECIAL COMMITTEES - None       Not available Not available    11. REPORTS OF STANDING COMMITTEES       Not available Not available     REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE ON CIVIL SERVICE AND LABOR       Not available Not available Int 0671-2024 A Carmen N. De La Rosa  Amended and Coupled on GO Civil service examination fee waivers for high school students and first time applicants. Introduction This bill would authorize the Department of Citywide Administrative Services (DCAS) to waive the civil service examination fee for individuals who are enrolled at any public, private, or charter high school in New York City or who are first time applicants. Approved by Council Pass Action details Not available Not available     REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE ON FINANCE       Not available Not available LU 0271-2025 * Justin L. Brannan   15 Stratford Road, Block 5072, Lot 58, Brooklyn, Community District No. 14, Council Districts No. 40. Land Use Application  Approved, by Council Pass Action details Not available Not available Res 0845-2025 * Justin L. Brannan  Preconsidered - Coupled on GO LU  271 - 15 Stratford Road, Block 5072, Lot 58, Brooklyn, Community District No. 14, Council Districts No. 40. Resolution  Approved, by Council Pass Action details Not available Not available LU 0272-2025 * Justin L. Brannan   1383 Plimpton Avenue HDFC, Block 2522, Lot 109, Bronx, Community District No. 4, Council Districts No. 16. Land Use Application  Approved, by Council Pass Action details Not available Not available Res 0846-2025 * Justin L. Brannan  Preconsidered - Coupled on GO LU 272 - 1383 Plimpton Avenue HDFC, Block 2522, Lot 109, Bronx, Community District No. 4, Council Districts No. 16. Resolution  Approved, by Council Pass Action details Not available Not available     REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE ON FIRE AND EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT       Not available Not available Int 0807-2024 A Selvena N. Brooks-Powers  Amended and Coupled on GO Flash flood preparedness outreach and evacuation guidance. Introduction This bill would require New York City Emergency Management (NYCEM) to disseminate localized emergency preparedness materials in locations that are prone to flash floods, in order to increase public awareness as to the appropriate responses by members of the public to flash flood risks and to increase registration for an emergency notification system. Such efforts would involve outreach conduct in-person and via mass mailings, and target locations selected with consideration of: (i) a history of flash flood events; and (iii) the prevalence of subgrade dwellings. Additionally, NYCEM would be required to develop guidance for facilitating safe evacuation before flash flood emergencies. Approved by Council Pass Action details Not available Not available     REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE ON GOVERNMENTAL OPERATIONS, STATE & FEDERAL LEGISLATION       Not available Not available Int 0694-2024 A Sandy Nurse  Amended and Coupled on GO Long-term citywide bathroom strategy and to make other technical changes. Introduction This bill would create a permanent, long-term strategic planning process for establishing and maintaining a citywide public bathroom network. This would be led by a Deputy Mayor in collaboration with the Department of City Planning, the Department of Parks and Recreation, the Department of Transportation, and any other agency with relevant experience and expertise. The relevant agency would be required to produce a strategic planning report, to be updated every 4 years, with the goal of providing at least 2,120 public bathrooms by 2035, at least half of which would be publicly owned. The strategic plan would propose a capital strategy, recommend law or policy changes to support bathroom openings or conversions, and identify sites that could be converted to public bathroom use. The report would recommend a design model for a modular bathroom facility as compliant with city requirements. The agency would also post a comprehensive online map of all public bathrooms in the City. Approved by Council Pass Action details Not available Not available     REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE ON LAND USE       Not available Not available LU 0244-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr.  Approved with Modifications and Referred to the City Planning Commission pursuant to Section 197-(d) of the New York City Charter. Landmarks, Brownsville NCP, Brooklyn (C 250036 HAK). Land Use Application  Approved with Modifications and Referred to the City Planning Commission pursuant to Section 197-(d) of the New York City Charter.  Action details Not available Not available LU 0245-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr.  Approved with Modifications and Referred to the City Planning Commission pursuant to Section 197-(d) of the New York City Charter. Landmarks, Brownsville NCP, Brooklyn (C 250037 ZMK). Land Use Application  Approved with Modifications and Referred to the City Planning Commission pursuant to Section 197-(d) of the New York City Charter.  Action details Not available Not available LU 0246-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr.  Approved with Modifications and Referred to the City Planning Commission pursuant to Section 197-(d) of the New York City Charter. Landmarks, Brownsville NCP, Brooklyn (N 250038 ZRK). Land Use Application  Approved with Modifications and Referred to the City Planning Commission pursuant to Section 197-(d) of the New York City Charter.  Action details Not available Not available     REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE ON PARKS AND RECREATION       Not available Not available Int 0800-2024 A Nantasha M. Williams  Amended and Coupled on GO Prioritization of maintenance of trees adjacent to buildings and structures. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR) to develop criteria by which they prioritize tree maintenance, taking into account the likelihood of potential harm to nearby or adjacent structures, whether a tree or limb that has already fallen is still capable of causing harm, and the proximity of a damaged tree or limb to nearby buildings. DPR would also be required to post a description of the criteria used to prioritize tree maintenance on its website. Approved by Council Pass Action details Not available Not available     REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE ON PUBLIC SAFETY       Not available Not available Int 0168-2024 A Amanda Farías  Amended and Coupled on GO Department of investigation’s oversight of the police department use of surveillance technology. Introduction The Public Oversight of Surveillance Technology (POST) Act was enacted by City Council in 2020 and requires the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to evaluate and report on surveillance technologies used by the Department. This legislation would add new provisions to the law which would require that the NYPD, upon request, provide the Department of Investigation (DOI) with an itemized list of all surveillance technologies currently used by the Department, and provide information on all data access and retention policies for data collected by such technologies. In addition, the legislation requires that the NYPD provide DOI with semiannual updates on all newly acquired or discontinued surveillance technologies and updates to any data access and retention policies established in recently executed contracts for surveillance technologies. Approved by Council Pass Action details Not available Not available Int 0233-2024 A Crystal Hudson  Amended and Coupled on GO Establishment of a police department policy for using facial recognition technology and regular audits to ensure compliance. Introduction This legislation would require the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to publish on its website a written policy that establishes procedures and regulations for the Department’s use of facial recognition technologies. The legislation would also require that the NYPD conduct an annual audit of the Department’s use of facial recognition technology, share the findings of such audit with the Department of Investigation, and post such findings on the Department’s website. Approved by Council Pass Action details Not available Not available Int 0480-2024 A Julie Won  Amended and Coupled on GO Police department transparency in the use of surveillance technology. Introduction The Public Oversight of Surveillance Technology (POST) Act was enacted by the City Council in 2020 and requires the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to evaluate and report on surveillance technologies used by the Department. This legislation would clarify language in existing law to ensure increased transparency in NYPD’s required “Impact and Use Policies” (IUPs), specifically requiring: (1) that NYPD publishes IUPs for each distinct surveillance technology used by the Department; (2) that such IUPs fully identify each external entity by name that receives data gathered from such technology; (3) that such IUPs report on specific safeguards in place to prevent unauthorized dissemination of surveillance data; and (4) that such IUPs disclose evaluation of potential disparate impacts on protected groups arising from the NYPD’s use of such technologies. Additionally, NYPD would be required to develop policies regarding the circumstances under which any local, state, or federal government agency has access to data collected by the department using surveillance technology; and develop an internal tracking system to monitor instances where external entities are provided access to data gathered by surveillance technologeis. Approved by Council Pass Action details Not available Not available     REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE ON RULES, PRIVILEGES AND ELECTIONS       Not available Not available Res 0820-2025 * Keith Powers  Coupled on GO Lauren Stossel, New York City Board of Corrections Resolution  Approved, by Council Pass Action details Not available Not available Res 0821-2025 * Keith Powers  Coupled on GO Patricia Marthone, New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation Resolution  Approved, by Council Pass Action details Not available Not available M 0117-2025 * Public Advocate Jumaane Williams   Leah Goodridge, City Planning Commission Communication  Approved, by Council Pass Action details Not available Not available Res 0847-2025 * Public Advocate Jumaane Williams  Coupled on GO M 117 - Leah Goodridge, City Planning Commission Resolution  Approved, by Council Pass Action details Not available Not available M 0119-2025 *    Marc Landis - Democratic Elections Commissioner for New York County. Communication  Approved, by Council Pass Action details Not available Not available Res 0848-2025 * Keith Powers  Preconsidered - Coupled on GO M 119 - Marc Landis - Democratic Elections Commissioner for New York County. Resolution  Approved, by Council Pass Action details Not available Not available     REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE ON TECHNOLOGY       Not available Not available Int 0978-2024 A Nantasha M. Williams  Amended and Coupled on GO Requiring the 311 customer service center to provide certain resources in response to tree pruning-related requests. Introduction This bill would require the 311 Customer Service Center, in coordination with the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR), to provide 311 customers who file tree pruning-related service requests or information requests with online links to a map concerning tree inspections that is maintained by DPR as required by law, any map maintained by DPR that displays tree pruning schedules, and any informational webpage maintained by DPR on tree pruning. The 311 Customer Service Center would also have to provide these customers with any available informational resources concerning opportunities to receive volunteer certification in the pruning of street trees in New York City. Approved by Council Pass Action details Not available Not available     REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE       Not available Not available Int 1105-2024 A Selvena N. Brooks-Powers  Amended and Coupled on GO Tracking progress made towards the requirements of the streets master plan. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Transportation, as part of its annual streets plan update, to provide a description of all projects planned for that year that will contribute to the requirements of the streets master plan, and the contribution each project will make to those requirements. The Department would also be required to provide updates three times a year about the progress of each project including the actual and estimated start and completion dates, community board presentations if applicable, project funding, and whether any delays or cost overruns have occurred, and additionally provide monthly updates about the current status of projects in the construction phase. Approved by Council Pass Action details Not available Not available Int 1114-2024 A Julie Won  Amended and Coupled on GO Requiring the commissioner of transportation to create an online capital project tracker. Introduction This bill would require the Commissioner of Transportation to create and maintain an online capital project tracker on the Department of Transportation’s (DOT) website, to be updated three times a year, which provides detailed information on each pending public-facing capital project under DOT’s jurisdiction. This tracker would not include any capital projects undertaken by DOT to address specific benchmarks included in any transportation master plan issued by DOT under section 19-199.1 of the Administrative Code. Approved by Council Pass Action details Not available Not available    12. GENERAL ORDERS CALENDAR       Not available Not available T2024-0003 *  ~coupled Coupled on GO Commissioner of Deeds Commissioner of Deeds  Approved, by Council Pass Action details Not available Not available     COUPLED ON GENERAL ORDERS CALENDAR       Not available Not available    ~coupled CIVIL SERVICE AND LABOR       Not available Not available Int 0671-2024 A Carmen N. De La Rosa ~coupled A and GO Civil service examination fee waivers for high school students and first time applicants. Introduction This bill would authorize the Department of Citywide Administrative Services (DCAS) to waive the civil service examination fee for individuals who are enrolled at any public, private, or charter high school in New York City or who are first time applicants.   Action details Not available Not available    ~coupled FINANCE       Not available Not available Res 0845-2025 * Justin L. Brannan ~coupled Preconsidered - GO LU  271 - 15 Stratford Road, Block 5072, Lot 58, Brooklyn, Community District No. 14, Council Districts No. 40. Resolution    Action details Not available Not available Res 0846-2025 * Justin L. Brannan ~coupled Preconsidered - GO LU 272 - 1383 Plimpton Avenue HDFC, Block 2522, Lot 109, Bronx, Community District No. 4, Council Districts No. 16. Resolution    Action details Not available Not available    ~coupled FIRE AND EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT       Not available Not available Int 0807-2024 A Selvena N. Brooks-Powers ~coupled A and GO Flash flood preparedness outreach and evacuation guidance. Introduction This bill would require New York City Emergency Management (NYCEM) to disseminate localized emergency preparedness materials in locations that are prone to flash floods, in order to increase public awareness as to the appropriate responses by members of the public to flash flood risks and to increase registration for an emergency notification system. Such efforts would involve outreach conduct in-person and via mass mailings, and target locations selected with consideration of: (i) a history of flash flood events; and (iii) the prevalence of subgrade dwellings. Additionally, NYCEM would be required to develop guidance for facilitating safe evacuation before flash flood emergencies.   Action details Not available Not available    ~coupled REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE ON GOVERNMENTAL OPERATIONS, STATE & FEDERAL LEGISLATION       Not available Not available Int 0694-2024 A Sandy Nurse ~coupled A and GO Long-term citywide bathroom strategy and to make other technical changes. Introduction This bill would create a permanent, long-term strategic planning process for establishing and maintaining a citywide public bathroom network. This would be led by a Deputy Mayor in collaboration with the Department of City Planning, the Department of Parks and Recreation, the Department of Transportation, and any other agency with relevant experience and expertise. The relevant agency would be required to produce a strategic planning report, to be updated every 4 years, with the goal of providing at least 2,120 public bathrooms by 2035, at least half of which would be publicly owned. The strategic plan would propose a capital strategy, recommend law or policy changes to support bathroom openings or conversions, and identify sites that could be converted to public bathroom use. The report would recommend a design model for a modular bathroom facility as compliant with city requirements. The agency would also post a comprehensive online map of all public bathrooms in the City.   Action details Not available Not available    ~coupled PARKS AND RECREATION       Not available Not available Int 0800-2024 A Nantasha M. Williams ~coupled A and GO Prioritization of maintenance of trees adjacent to buildings and structures. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR) to develop criteria by which they prioritize tree maintenance, taking into account the likelihood of potential harm to nearby or adjacent structures, whether a tree or limb that has already fallen is still capable of causing harm, and the proximity of a damaged tree or limb to nearby buildings. DPR would also be required to post a description of the criteria used to prioritize tree maintenance on its website.   Action details Not available Not available    ~coupled PUBLIC SAFETY       Not available Not available Int 0168-2024 A Amanda Farías ~coupled A and GO Department of investigation’s oversight of the police department use of surveillance technology. Introduction The Public Oversight of Surveillance Technology (POST) Act was enacted by City Council in 2020 and requires the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to evaluate and report on surveillance technologies used by the Department. This legislation would add new provisions to the law which would require that the NYPD, upon request, provide the Department of Investigation (DOI) with an itemized list of all surveillance technologies currently used by the Department, and provide information on all data access and retention policies for data collected by such technologies. In addition, the legislation requires that the NYPD provide DOI with semiannual updates on all newly acquired or discontinued surveillance technologies and updates to any data access and retention policies established in recently executed contracts for surveillance technologies.   Action details Not available Not available Int 0233-2024 A Crystal Hudson ~coupled A and GO Establishment of a police department policy for using facial recognition technology and regular audits to ensure compliance. Introduction This legislation would require the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to publish on its website a written policy that establishes procedures and regulations for the Department’s use of facial recognition technologies. The legislation would also require that the NYPD conduct an annual audit of the Department’s use of facial recognition technology, share the findings of such audit with the Department of Investigation, and post such findings on the Department’s website.   Action details Not available Not available Int 0480-2024 A Julie Won ~coupled A and GO Police department transparency in the use of surveillance technology. Introduction The Public Oversight of Surveillance Technology (POST) Act was enacted by the City Council in 2020 and requires the New York City Police Department (NYPD) to evaluate and report on surveillance technologies used by the Department. This legislation would clarify language in existing law to ensure increased transparency in NYPD’s required “Impact and Use Policies” (IUPs), specifically requiring: (1) that NYPD publishes IUPs for each distinct surveillance technology used by the Department; (2) that such IUPs fully identify each external entity by name that receives data gathered from such technology; (3) that such IUPs report on specific safeguards in place to prevent unauthorized dissemination of surveillance data; and (4) that such IUPs disclose evaluation of potential disparate impacts on protected groups arising from the NYPD’s use of such technologies. Additionally, NYPD would be required to develop policies regarding the circumstances under which any local, state, or federal government agency has access to data collected by the department using surveillance technology; and develop an internal tracking system to monitor instances where external entities are provided access to data gathered by surveillance technologeis.   Action details Not available Not available    ~coupled RULES, PRIVILEGES AND ELECTIONS       Not available Not available Res 0820-2025 * Keith Powers ~coupled GO Lauren Stossel, New York City Board of Corrections Resolution    Action details Not available Not available Res 0821-2025 * Keith Powers ~coupled GO Patricia Marthone, New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation Resolution    Action details Not available Not available Res 0847-2025 * Public Advocate Jumaane Williams ~coupled GO M 117 - Leah Goodridge, City Planning Commission Resolution    Action details Not available Not available Res 0848-2025 * Keith Powers ~coupled GO M 119 - Marc Landis - Democratic Elections Commissioner for New York County. Resolution    Action details Not available Not available    ~coupled TECHNOLOGY       Not available Not available Int 0978-2024 A Nantasha M. Williams ~coupled A and GO Requiring the 311 customer service center to provide certain resources in response to tree pruning-related requests. Introduction This bill would require the 311 Customer Service Center, in coordination with the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR), to provide 311 customers who file tree pruning-related service requests or information requests with online links to a map concerning tree inspections that is maintained by DPR as required by law, any map maintained by DPR that displays tree pruning schedules, and any informational webpage maintained by DPR on tree pruning. The 311 Customer Service Center would also have to provide these customers with any available informational resources concerning opportunities to receive volunteer certification in the pruning of street trees in New York City.   Action details Not available Not available    ~coupled TRANSPORTATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE       Not available Not available Int 1105-2024 A Selvena N. Brooks-Powers ~coupled A and GO Tracking progress made towards the requirements of the streets master plan. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Transportation, as part of its annual streets plan update, to provide a description of all projects planned for that year that will contribute to the requirements of the streets master plan, and the contribution each project will make to those requirements. The Department would also be required to provide updates three times a year about the progress of each project including the actual and estimated start and completion dates, community board presentations if applicable, project funding, and whether any delays or cost overruns have occurred, and additionally provide monthly updates about the current status of projects in the construction phase.   Action details Not available Not available Int 1114-2024 A Julie Won ~coupled A and GO Requiring the commissioner of transportation to create an online capital project tracker. Introduction This bill would require the Commissioner of Transportation to create and maintain an online capital project tracker on the Department of Transportation’s (DOT) website, to be updated three times a year, which provides detailed information on each pending public-facing capital project under DOT’s jurisdiction. This tracker would not include any capital projects undertaken by DOT to address specific benchmarks included in any transportation master plan issued by DOT under section 19-199.1 of the Administrative Code.   Action details Not available Not available    ~coupled GENERAL ORDERS CALENDAR       Not available Not available T2024-0003 *  ~coupled GO Commissioner of Deeds Commissioner of Deeds    Action details Not available Not available          Pass  Not available Not available    13. INTRODUCTION & READING OF BILLS (SEE BELOW)       Not available Not available    14. DISCUSSION OF RESOLUTIONS       Not available Not available    15. RESOLUTIONS –       Not available Not available Res 0059-2024 A Selvena N. Brooks-Powers  Amended and Adopted by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure MTA to conduct a comprehensive Environmental Impact Study on the viability of the proposed QueensLink project. Resolution  Approved, by Council Pass Action details Not available Not available Res 0187-2024 * Kevin C. Riley  Adopted by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure MTA to conduct a comprehensive Environmental Impact Statement for the proposed Gun Hill Road Electric Bus Depot Charging Facility. Resolution  Approved, by Council Pass Action details Not available Not available Res 0333-2024 A Public Advocate Jumaane Williams  Amended and Adopted by the Committee on Civil Service and Labor Eliminate the subminimum wage for employees based on their disability or age (S.28A /A.1006) Resolution  Approved, by Council Pass Action details Not available Not available Res 0729-2025 * Adrienne E. Adams  Adopted by the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Condemning President Trump’s revocation of diversity, equity, and inclusion programs and policies at the federal level, and expressing support for such programs and policies at the city and state level. Resolution  Approved, by Council Pass Action details Not available Not available Res 0836-2025 * Adrienne E. Adams  Preconsidered - Adopted by the Committee on Rules, Privileges, and Elections Authorizing the Speaker to take legal action on behalf of the Council of the City of New York to defend against the Adams Administration’s violation of Sanctuary City Laws and the Trump Administration’s attacks on the City of New York. Resolution  Approved, by Council Pass Action details Not available Not available    16. GENERAL DISCUSSION       Not available Not available    17. EXTENSION OF REMARKS       Not available Not available     INTRODUCTION AND READING OF BILLS - Pursuant to Section 33-a of the New York City Charter, the New York City Council may vote on the following items no earlier than 30 days from the date of this notice. The New York City Council reserves the right to vote without the notice required pursuant to Section 33-a on any proposed local laws that do not relate to the public safety operations of the New York City Police Department, the Fire Department or the Department of Correction.       Not available Not available Res 0836-2025 * Adrienne E. Adams ~SPONSOR Preconsidered - Rules, Privileges, and Elections Authorizing the Speaker to take legal action on behalf of the Council of the City of New York to defend against the Adams Administration’s violation of Sanctuary City Laws and the Trump Administration’s attacks on the City of New York. Resolution  Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Not available Not available Int 1228-2025 * Shaun Abreu ~SPONSOR Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Expanding the categories of businesses that may be subject to requirements regarding the disposal of commercial organic waste. Introduction This bill would expand the categories of businesses that can be designated by the Department of Sanitation (“DSNY”) to be subject to requirements regarding separation and disposal of organic waste, and would require DSNY to designate additional covered establishments by July 1, 2025.  Any covered establishment so designated would be required to comply with requirements regarding separation and disposal of organic waste when the commercial waste zone in which the establishment is located goes into effect, or within 6 months from DSNY’s designation if the commercial waste zone was already in effect. Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Not available Not available Int 1229-2025 * Joann Ariola ~SPONSOR Fire and Emergency Management Reporting on emergency medical services units. Introduction This bill would require the Fire Department (FDNY) to report on the availability of emergency medical services (EMS) units for each day of the prior calendar year, categorized by EMS unit type and EMS station. The reported information would include the total number of EMS units, and the total number of EMS units that are unable to respond to an emergency call, disaggregated by the reason for such inability. Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Not available Not available Int 1230-2025 * Joann Ariola ~SPONSOR Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Requiring the director of long-term planning and sustainability to conduct an infrastructure risk study in flood risk areas. Introduction This bill would require the Director of Long-Term Planning and Sustainability to conduct a study to assess the risk of infrastructure failures due to increased flood occurrences and future residential development in areas at risk of flooding. The director would be required to create an infrastructure risk score metric based on infrastructure, flooding, and development factors, and assign risk scores to at least 10 zones of flood risk area. The director would publish the study 24 months after the bill took effect. Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Not available Not available Res 0837-2025 * Joann Ariola ~SPONSOR Fire and Emergency Management MTA to install encased, alarmed, and publicly accessible fire extinguishers in MTA subway cars and stations. Resolution  Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Not available Not available Res 0838-2025 * Joann Ariola ~SPONSOR Health Require a conviction under this provision to carry a sentence of at least 3 years, and for multiple convictions to carry consecutive sentences of at least 3 years per conviction (353-A). Resolution  Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Not available Not available Res 0839-2025 * Alexa Avilés ~SPONSOR General Welfare Establish a SNAP and cash assistance fraud victims compensation fund (A03578/S00403). Resolution  Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Not available Not available Int 1231-2025 * Chris Banks ~SPONSOR Consumer and Worker Protection Requiring tax preparers to provide customers with statements itemizing all charges. Introduction This bill would require tax preparers to provide customers with an itemized statements of charges, including charges for state and federal tax returns, software fees, filing fees, and fees related to refund anticipation loans and checks. Tax preparers would be required to provide the statement of charges in both a physical and electronic format. Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Not available Not available Int 1232-2025 * Chris Banks ~SPONSOR General Welfare Notifications for emergency rental assistance grant approvals. Introduction This bill would require the Human Resources Administration (“HRA”) to provide an automated text message or email notification upon the approval of an application for the Emergency Assistance Grant Program pertaining to rental assistance. Such approval notification shall be delivered to the tenant applying for assistance and the building owner or managing agent designated by the building owner to collect rental payments from the applicant, to the extent that such information is provided in the application. Notifications would include information on the monetary amount of the award via the emergency assistance grant, an estimated issuance date for the assistance, and the mode of delivery for the corresponding check. Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Not available Not available Int 1233-2025 * Erik D. Bottcher ~SPONSOR Transportation and Infrastructure The planting of vegetation on new medians separating bicycle lanes from motorized vehicle traffic. Introduction This bill would require the Commissioner of Transportation to build any new medians separating bicycle lanes from motorized vehicle traffic to accommodate the planting of trees and other vegetation based on feasibility determinations made by the Commissioner of Transportation and Commissioner of Parks and Recreation. The Commissioner of Parks and Recreation would be required to plant, or permit to be planted, trees and other vegetation in the new medians accordingly. Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Not available Not available Int 1234-2025 * Justin L. Brannan ~SPONSOR Finance Executive budget process. Introduction This bill would amend certain dates fixed in the New York City Charter in relation to the executive budget process. This bill would require the Director of the Independent Budget Office to publish a report analyzing the Mayor’s executive budget for the ensuing fiscal year no later than May 20 each year. Additionally, this bill would provide that between May 10 and May 31 each year, the Council shall hold public hearings on the Mayor’s executive budget. Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Not available Not available Int 1235-2025 * Gale A. Brewer ~SPONSOR Technology Creation of a centralized system for processing freedom of information law requests. Introduction This bill would require the commissioner of the Department of Records and Information Services (DoRIS) to create a centralized Freedom of Information Law (FOIL) request website to receive, track, update, and posts responses to agency FOIL requests. It would also require the commissioner to formulate performance guidelines for agencies based on FOIL response statistics for each agency, and to convene semi-annual meetings of agency FOIL officers regarding the implementation of, and updates for, this centralized FOIL website. Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Not available Not available Res 0840-2025 * Tiffany Cabán ~SPONSOR Women and Gender Equity Unequivocally opposing President Trump’s executive order restricting protections for transgender students and calling on the NYS Department of Education. Resolution  Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Not available Not available Int 1236-2025 * David M. Carr ~SPONSOR Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Converting the mandatory residential curbside organics collection program to a voluntary program. Introduction This bill would require NYC Department of Sanitation (DSNY) to remove organic waste from the city’s list of designated recyclable materials, to repeal agency rules mandating participation in and facilitation of the City’s residential organic waste recycling program, and to repeal any mandatory organic waste recycling program and replace it with a similar voluntary program. Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Not available Not available Int 1237-2025 * Oswald Feliz ~SPONSOR Public Safety Requiring the police department to report on all criminal complaints and arrests. Introduction This bill would require the New York City Police Department (“NYPD”) to report data on all criminal complaints and arrests. Such data would include a listing of all criminal complaints reported to the NYPD, and information regarding each such complaint, including an indication of whether an arrest for the underlying complaint has occurred. Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Not available Not available Int 1238-2025 * Jennifer Gutiérrez ~SPONSOR Criminal Justice Provision of technology and support for people in custody with a pending criminal proceeding to securely receive and review evidence. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Correction (DOC) to ensure all persons in custody with a pending criminal proceeding have the technology and support necessary to securely receive and review case evidence via a department-issued tablet or through access provided in the law library. The bill also requires the Board of Correction to produce a report which evaluates the department of correction’s ability to provide technological access to evidence review. The report will include recommendations for improvement and the department of correction must subsequently responde and indicate if it intends to adopt those recommendations. Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Not available Not available Int 1239-2025 * Kamillah Hanks ~SPONSOR Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Establishing an office of the waterfront. Introduction This bill would establish an office of the waterfront, which would be responsible for coordinating among the various city agencies that handle matters related to waterfront use, supporting the Waterfront Management Advisory Board, and implementing the New York City Comprehensive Waterfront Plan. Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Not available Not available Res 0841-2025 * Crystal Hudson ~SPONSOR Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Designating April 6 annually as Lubavitcher Rebbe Day in the City of New York to honor Rabbi Menachem M. Schneerson for his remarkable life and lasting legacy. Resolution  Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Not available Not available Int 1240-2025 * Rita C. Joseph ~SPONSOR Criminal Justice Establishment of a holistic needs assessment program. Introduction This bill would require the Mayor’s Office of Criminal Justice (MOCJ) to establish a holistic needs assessment program. Pursuant to the program, MOCJ will, upon consent, compete an asssement to identify mental health, physical health, substance abuse, intellectual disabilities, domestic violence and abuse history, history of trauma, emotional dysregulation, and other psychosocial conditions or circumstances at the time of a person’s arrest. This assessment will be provided to a person’s criminal defense attorney within 14 days of supreme court arraignment so that it may be used to inform charging, detention, release, or plea agreement decisions. Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Not available Not available Res 0842-2025 * Rita C. Joseph ~SPONSOR Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Recognizing the month of March annually as Music In Our Schools Month in the City of New York. Resolution  Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Not available Not available Int 1241-2025 * Sandy Nurse ~SPONSOR Criminal Justice Department of correction early release 6A program. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Correction to conduct a study to determine any inefficiencies in the early release program established in accordance with Article 6A of the New York State Correction Law that permits sentenced individuals to be released from jail and serve the remainder of their sentence at home, under supervision. As part of the study, the Department of Correction would be required to develop recommendations for how to address those inefficiencies and expand the program to its fullest potential. It would also require the Department of Correction to produce a quarterly report on use of the early release (6A) program including the number of individuals who were considered for the program, accepted into the program and released, and rejected for the program. Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Not available Not available Int 1242-2025 * Sandy Nurse ~SPONSOR Criminal Justice Establishing a coordinator for Rikers Island closure and a coordinator for borough-based jail transition. Introduction This bill would require the establishment of an Office of Coordinator for Rikers Island Closure with a full-time coordinator and dedicated staff that reports directly to the Mayor. This new office will be responsible for coordinating actions and policies by agencies with a role in the closure of Rikers Island, including those with duties related to jail population reduction, design and construction of the borough-based jails, design and construction of outposted therapeutic housing units, correctional workforce development, training, and operations, and planning for the future use of Rikers Island for environmental sustainability and resiliency purposes.  In addition, this bill also requires the establishment of Coordinator for Borough-Based Jail Transition within the department of correction. Among other things, that position will be responsible for advising and assisting the commissioner and developing a strategic plan with recommended reforms to staff recruitment, training, supervision, assignments, scheduling, operations, and organizational culture that can be implemented in order to improve conditions for current jail staff and people in custody and facilitate a successful transition and improve safety for jail staff and people in custody at the borough-based jails and outposted therapeutic housing units. Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Not available Not available Int 1243-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. ~SPONSOR Fire and Emergency Management Creating uniform emergency response maps for city properties. Introduction This bill would require the creation of emergency response maps for all city properties, unless exempted by the Commissioner of the Office of Emergency Management. The bill would restrict the organizations allowed to carry out the required mapping to those that meet a set of prescribed qualifications, and would establish technical standards for the maps. Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Not available Not available Res 0843-2025 * Althea V.  Stevens ~SPONSOR Children and Youth NYSED and the New York State Office of Children and Family Services (OCFS) to prepare posters and pamphlets to ensure that foster youth are made aware of the higher education financial resources available to them (A5658A/S378). Resolution  Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Not available Not available Int 1244-2025 * Nantasha M. Williams ~SPONSOR Environmental Protection, Resiliency & Waterfronts Creation of a groundwater flood risk area map. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Environmental Protection (“DEP”) to determine areas at risk of groundwater flooding in New York City and add such areas to the flood hazard area map. The bill would also require DEP to consider the need to update the groundwater flood risk area when new data related to groundwater levels in New York City are available. The bill would also amend Appendix U of the Building Code to prohibit cellar or basement accessory dwelling units in groundwater flood risk areas 90 days after DEP updates such map. Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Not available Not available Res 0844-2025 * Susan Zhuang ~SPONSOR Preconsidered - Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Recognizing May 10 annually as Chinese American Railroad Workers Memorial Day in New York City. Resolution  Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Not available Not available LU 0271-2025 * Justin L. Brannan ~SPONSOR Preconsidered - Finance 15 Stratford Road, Block 5072, Lot 58, Brooklyn, Community District No. 14, Council Districts No. 40. Land Use Application  Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Not available Not available LU 0272-2025 * Justin L. Brannan ~SPONSOR Preconsidered - Finance 1383 Plimpton Avenue HDFC, Block 2522, Lot 109, Bronx, Community District No. 4, Council Districts No. 16. Land Use Application  Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Not available Not available LU 0273-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. ~SPONSOR Preconsidered - Zoning and Franchises Zoning, 457 Nostrand Avenue Article XI Disposition, Brooklyn (G 250073 XAK) Land Use Application  Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Not available Not available LU 0273-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr.   Zoning, 457 Nostrand Avenue Article XI Disposition, Brooklyn (G 250073 XAK) Land Use Application  Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Not available Not available LU 0274-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. ~SPONSOR Preconsidered - Zoning and Franchises Zoning, 1134-1142 Pacific Street Article XI Disposition, Brooklyn (G 250074 XAK) Land Use Application  Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Not available Not available LU 0274-2025 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr.   Zoning, 1134-1142 Pacific Street Article XI Disposition, Brooklyn (G 250074 XAK) Land Use Application  Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1293658&GUID=6C57CAF8-3121-4D34-BF62-13A432A6FD71 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1290362&GUID=D0843584-46DC-4473-AE53-C998563114C1&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: City Council Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 8/14/2025 1:30 PM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: City Council Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 8/14/2025 1:30 PM 8/14/2025 1:30 PM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Council Chambers - City Hall Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments:   Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 1 record 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Not available Not available           Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1290185&GUID=92B08F32-A69C-4B08-950D-AA88D2B21051 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1294313&GUID=28F06340-D8E8-4A9A-A1F1-3890C41961BF&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Meeting Name: Committee on Parks and Recreation Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 4/10/2025 10:45 AM Minutes status: Final Meeting location: 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor VOTE* Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Minutes Meeting video: Video Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (5) 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available Int 0800-2024 * Nantasha M. Williams Proposed Int. No. 800-A Prioritization of maintenance of trees adjacent to buildings and structures. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR) to develop criteria by which they prioritize tree maintenance, taking into account the likelihood of potential harm to nearby or adjacent structures, whether a tree or limb that has already fallen is still capable of causing harm, and the proximity of a damaged tree or limb to nearby buildings. DPR would also be required to post a description of the criteria used to prioritize tree maintenance on its website. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0800-2024 * Nantasha M. Williams Prioritization of maintenance of trees adjacent to buildings and structures. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR) to develop criteria by which they prioritize tree maintenance, taking into account the likelihood of potential harm to nearby or adjacent structures, whether a tree or limb that has already fallen is still capable of causing harm, and the proximity of a damaged tree or limb to nearby buildings. DPR would also be required to post a description of the criteria used to prioritize tree maintenance on its website. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 0800-2024 * Nantasha M. Williams Prioritization of maintenance of trees adjacent to buildings and structures. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR) to develop criteria by which they prioritize tree maintenance, taking into account the likelihood of potential harm to nearby or adjacent structures, whether a tree or limb that has already fallen is still capable of causing harm, and the proximity of a damaged tree or limb to nearby buildings. DPR would also be required to post a description of the criteria used to prioritize tree maintenance on its website. Amended by Committee Action details Not available Int 0800-2024 A Nantasha M. Williams Prioritization of maintenance of trees adjacent to buildings and structures. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR) to develop criteria by which they prioritize tree maintenance, taking into account the likelihood of potential harm to nearby or adjacent structures, whether a tree or limb that has already fallen is still capable of causing harm, and the proximity of a damaged tree or limb to nearby buildings. DPR would also be required to post a description of the criteria used to prioritize tree maintenance on its website. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Parks and Recreation Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/10/2025 10:45 AM 4/10/2025 10:45 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Final Final  Meeting location: Meeting location: 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor VOTE* 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor VOTE* Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Minutes  Meeting video: Meeting video: Video Video  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (5) Meeting Items (5) Meeting Items (5) Meeting Items (5) 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 5 records 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available Int 0800-2024 * Nantasha M. Williams Proposed Int. No. 800-A Prioritization of maintenance of trees adjacent to buildings and structures. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR) to develop criteria by which they prioritize tree maintenance, taking into account the likelihood of potential harm to nearby or adjacent structures, whether a tree or limb that has already fallen is still capable of causing harm, and the proximity of a damaged tree or limb to nearby buildings. DPR would also be required to post a description of the criteria used to prioritize tree maintenance on its website. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0800-2024 * Nantasha M. Williams Prioritization of maintenance of trees adjacent to buildings and structures. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR) to develop criteria by which they prioritize tree maintenance, taking into account the likelihood of potential harm to nearby or adjacent structures, whether a tree or limb that has already fallen is still capable of causing harm, and the proximity of a damaged tree or limb to nearby buildings. DPR would also be required to post a description of the criteria used to prioritize tree maintenance on its website. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 0800-2024 * Nantasha M. Williams Prioritization of maintenance of trees adjacent to buildings and structures. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR) to develop criteria by which they prioritize tree maintenance, taking into account the likelihood of potential harm to nearby or adjacent structures, whether a tree or limb that has already fallen is still capable of causing harm, and the proximity of a damaged tree or limb to nearby buildings. DPR would also be required to post a description of the criteria used to prioritize tree maintenance on its website. Amended by Committee Action details Not available Int 0800-2024 A Nantasha M. Williams Prioritization of maintenance of trees adjacent to buildings and structures. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR) to develop criteria by which they prioritize tree maintenance, taking into account the likelihood of potential harm to nearby or adjacent structures, whether a tree or limb that has already fallen is still capable of causing harm, and the proximity of a damaged tree or limb to nearby buildings. DPR would also be required to post a description of the criteria used to prioritize tree maintenance on its website. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available           Roll call Not available Not available Int 0800-2024 * Nantasha M. Williams  Proposed Int. No. 800-A Prioritization of maintenance of trees adjacent to buildings and structures. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR) to develop criteria by which they prioritize tree maintenance, taking into account the likelihood of potential harm to nearby or adjacent structures, whether a tree or limb that has already fallen is still capable of causing harm, and the proximity of a damaged tree or limb to nearby buildings. DPR would also be required to post a description of the criteria used to prioritize tree maintenance on its website. Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0800-2024 * Nantasha M. Williams   Prioritization of maintenance of trees adjacent to buildings and structures. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR) to develop criteria by which they prioritize tree maintenance, taking into account the likelihood of potential harm to nearby or adjacent structures, whether a tree or limb that has already fallen is still capable of causing harm, and the proximity of a damaged tree or limb to nearby buildings. DPR would also be required to post a description of the criteria used to prioritize tree maintenance on its website. Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Not available Not available Int 0800-2024 * Nantasha M. Williams   Prioritization of maintenance of trees adjacent to buildings and structures. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR) to develop criteria by which they prioritize tree maintenance, taking into account the likelihood of potential harm to nearby or adjacent structures, whether a tree or limb that has already fallen is still capable of causing harm, and the proximity of a damaged tree or limb to nearby buildings. DPR would also be required to post a description of the criteria used to prioritize tree maintenance on its website. Amended by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0800-2024 A Nantasha M. Williams   Prioritization of maintenance of trees adjacent to buildings and structures. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR) to develop criteria by which they prioritize tree maintenance, taking into account the likelihood of potential harm to nearby or adjacent structures, whether a tree or limb that has already fallen is still capable of causing harm, and the proximity of a damaged tree or limb to nearby buildings. DPR would also be required to post a description of the criteria used to prioritize tree maintenance on its website. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MainBody.aspx ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Reports Attendance (2) Votes (46) Body Name: select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council Caucus - Common-Sense Caucus City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Staten Island Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Task Force to Combat Hate Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Reform (inactive) Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) Finance Division (inactive) Finance Drafting Attorney (inactive) Human Services/Infrastructure Division (inactive) INTERNATIONAL INTERGROUP RELATIONS & SPECIAL EVENTS (inactive) Joint Committee (inactive) Legal and Government Affairs Division (inactive) Legislative Documents Unit (inactive) LUD SEARCH (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Rules Drafting Attorney (inactive) Rules, Privileges, Elections Division (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Abandonment, Foreclosure & Disinvestment (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on Census (inactive) Subcommittee on Census 2000 (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Crime and Substance Abuse (inactive) Subcommittee on District Attorneys, Courts and Investigations (inactive) Subcommittee on Drug Abuse (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on People with Disabilities (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on City Workforce Equity (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on Technology in Government (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive) Task Force to Combat Gun Violence  (inactive) Unknown Body (inactive) UNKNOWN COMMITTEE (inactive) Type: Primary Legislative Body Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Attachments: Descriptions and Jurisdictions of Committees Calendar (48) Council Members (50) Sponsored Legislation (0) List View Calendar View 48 records Group Clear sorting Clear filtering Clear grouping Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Date: Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 All Years Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year Date Time Location Meeting Topic Meeting Details Agenda Minutes Multimedia 9/25/2025 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Meeting details Agenda Not available Not available 9/18/2025 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Meeting details Agenda Not available Not available 8/14/2025 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Meeting details Agenda Not available Not available 7/10/2025 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Meeting details Agenda Not available Not available 6/30/2025 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Meeting details Agenda Not available Not available 6/11/2025 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Meeting details Agenda Not available Not available 5/29/2025 Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Meeting details Agenda Not available Not available 5/28/2025 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Meeting details Agenda Not available Not available 5/1/2025 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Meeting details Agenda Not available Not available 4/24/2025 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 4/10/2025 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 3/26/2025 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 3/12/2025 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 2/27/2025 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 2/13/2025 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 1/23/2025 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 1/8/2025 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall CHARTER MEETING Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 12/19/2024 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 12/5/2024 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 11/21/2024 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 11/14/2024 Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Meeting details Agenda Not available Not available 11/13/2024 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 11/7/2024 Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Meeting details Agenda Not available Not available 10/23/2024 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 10/10/2024 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 9/26/2024 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 9/12/2024 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 8/15/2024 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 8/8/2024 Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Meeting details Agenda Not available Not available 7/18/2024 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 6/30/2024 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall BUDGET ADOPTION Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 6/20/2024 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 6/6/2024 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 5/23/2024 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 5/16/2024 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 4/25/2024 Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Meeting details Agenda Not available Not available 4/18/2024 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 4/11/2024 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 3/21/2024 Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Meeting details Agenda Not available Not available 3/19/2024 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 3/7/2024 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 2/29/2024 Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Meeting details Agenda Not available Not available 2/28/2024 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 2/8/2024 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 1/30/2024 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 1/30/2024 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 1/18/2024 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 1/3/2024 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall CHARTER MEETING Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video NoFilter Contains DoesNotContain StartsWith EndsWith EqualTo NotEqualTo GreaterThan LessThan GreaterThanOrEqualTo LessThanOrEqualTo Between NotBetween IsEmpty NotIsEmpty IsNull NotIsNull Custom previous day next day today Select date Calendar Title and navigation Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << April 2025 S M T W T F S 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 Day Week Month Timeline Apr, 2025 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 City Council Stated Meeting 1:30 PM 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 City Council Stated Meeting 1:30 PM 25 28 29 30 1 May City Council Stated Meeting 1:30 PM 2 50 records Group Clear sorting Clear filtering Clear grouping Group by Title Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Term: Current Current Past All Person Name District Title Start Date End Date Web Site Borough Political Party Adrienne E. Adams District 28 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/district-28/ Queens Democrat Alexa Avilés District 38 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...v/alexa-aviles/ Brooklyn Democrat Althea V.  Stevens District 16 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/district-16/ Bronx Democrat Amanda Farías District 18 Majority Leader 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council.../amanda-farias/ Bronx Democrat Carlina Rivera District 02 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...gov/district-2/ Manhattan Democrat Carmen N. De La Rosa District 10 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...men-de-la-rosa/ Manhattan Democrat Chi A. Ossé District 36 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/district-36/ Brooklyn Democrat Chris Banks District 42 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/district-42/ Brooklyn Democrat Christopher Marte District 01 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...istopher-marte/ Manhattan Democrat Crystal Hudson District 35 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...crystal-hudson/ Brooklyn Democrat Darlene Mealy District 41 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/district-41/ Brooklyn Democrat David M. Carr District 50 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...gov/david-carr/ Staten Island Republican Diana I. Ayala District 08 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...gov/district-8/ Manhattan Democrat Eric Dinowitz District 11 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/district-11/ Bronx Democrat Erik D. Bottcher District 03 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council.../erik-bottcher/ Manhattan Democrat Farah N. Louis District 45 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/farah-louis/ Brooklyn Democrat Francisco P. Moya District 21 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/district-21/ Queens Democrat Gale A. Brewer District 06 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 http://council....bers/home.shtml Manhattan Democrat Inna Vernikov District 48 Council Member 2/13/2025 12/31/2025 https://council.../inna-vernikov/ Brooklyn Republican James F. Gennaro District 24 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 http://council....bers/home.shtml Queens Democrat Jennifer Gutiérrez District 34 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/district-34/ Brooklyn Democrat Joann Ariola District 32 Minority Leader 2/13/2025 12/31/2025 https://council...v/joann-ariola/ Queens Republican Julie Menin District 05 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...gov/district-5/ Manhattan Democrat Julie Won District 26 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council....gov/julie-won/ Queens Democrat Justin L. Brannan District 47 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...justin-brannan/ Brooklyn Democrat Kamillah Hanks District 49 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...kamillah-hanks/ Staten Island Democrat Keith Powers District 04 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...gov/district-4/ Manhattan Democrat Kevin C. Riley District 12 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/district-12/ Bronx Democrat Kristy Marmorato District 13 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/district-13/ Bronx Republican Lincoln Restler District 33 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...incoln-restler/ Brooklyn Democrat Linda Lee District 23 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council....gov/linda-lee/ Queens Democrat Lynn C. Schulman District 29 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/district-29/ Queens Democrat Mercedes Narcisse District 46 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...cedes-narcisse/ Brooklyn Democrat Nantasha M. Williams District 27 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...tasha-williams/ Queens Democrat Oswald Feliz District 15 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/district-15/ Bronx Democrat Pierina Ana Sanchez District 14 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...na-ana-sanchez/ Bronx Democrat Rafael Salamanca, Jr. District 17 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 http://council....bers/home.shtml Bronx Democrat Rita C. Joseph District 40 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/rita-joseph/ Brooklyn Democrat Robert F. Holden District 30 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council.../robert-holden/ Queens Democrat Sandra Ung District 20 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/district-20/ Queens Democrat Sandy Nurse District 37 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/district-37/ Brooklyn Democrat Selvena N. Brooks-Powers District 31 Majority Whip 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...-brooks-powers/ Queens Democrat Shahana K. Hanif District 39 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council.../shahana-hanif/ Brooklyn Democrat Shaun Abreu District 07 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/shaun-abreu/ Manhattan Democrat Shekar Krishnan District 25 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/district-25/ Queens Democrat Simcha Felder District 44 Council Member 4/16/2025 12/31/2025 Brooklyn Democrat Susan Zhuang District 43 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/district-43/ Brooklyn Democrat Tiffany Cabán District 22 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council.../tiffany-caban/ Queens Democrat Vickie Paladino District 19 Minority Whip 2/13/2025 12/31/2025 https://council...ickie-paladino/ Queens Republican Yusef Salaam District 09 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...gov/district-9/ Manhattan Democrat NoFilter Contains DoesNotContain StartsWith EndsWith EqualTo NotEqualTo GreaterThan LessThan GreaterThanOrEqualTo LessThanOrEqualTo Between NotBetween IsEmpty NotIsEmpty IsNull NotIsNull Custom 0 records Show Show 10 records Show 100 records Show 500 records Show 1000 records Show 10000 records Group Clear sorting Clear filtering Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Status Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Sponsor: First primary sponsor Department Details Department Details - Short Committees and Council Members Committees and Council Members - Vacancies Meeting date: select Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year 0 records Show Show 10 records Show 100 records Show 500 records Show 1000 records Show 10000 records Group Clear sorting Clear filtering Clear grouping Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word A value of N/A means that there is no data available within the selected date range. Meeting date: select Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year Show: select All votes Only contentious votes 0 records Show Show 10 records Show 100 records Show 500 records Show 1000 records Show 10000 records Group Clear sorting Clear filtering Clear grouping Group by Action Date Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word A value of N/A means that there is no data available within the selected date range. Details Details Details Details Reports Reports Reports Reports Attendance (2) Attendance (2) Attendance (2) Attendance (2) Votes (46) Votes (46) Votes (46) Votes (46) Body Name: Body Name: select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council Caucus - Common-Sense Caucus City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Staten Island Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Task Force to Combat Hate Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Reform (inactive) Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) Finance Division (inactive) Finance Drafting Attorney (inactive) Human Services/Infrastructure Division (inactive) INTERNATIONAL INTERGROUP RELATIONS & SPECIAL EVENTS (inactive) Joint Committee (inactive) Legal and Government Affairs Division (inactive) Legislative Documents Unit (inactive) LUD SEARCH (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Rules Drafting Attorney (inactive) Rules, Privileges, Elections Division (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Abandonment, Foreclosure & Disinvestment (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on Census (inactive) Subcommittee on Census 2000 (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Crime and Substance Abuse (inactive) Subcommittee on District Attorneys, Courts and Investigations (inactive) Subcommittee on Drug Abuse (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on People with Disabilities (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on City Workforce Equity (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on Technology in Government (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive) Task Force to Combat Gun Violence  (inactive) Unknown Body (inactive) UNKNOWN COMMITTEE (inactive)  select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council Caucus - Common-Sense Caucus City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Staten Island Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Task Force to Combat Hate Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Reform (inactive) Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) Finance Division (inactive) Finance Drafting Attorney (inactive) Human Services/Infrastructure Division (inactive) INTERNATIONAL INTERGROUP RELATIONS & SPECIAL EVENTS (inactive) Joint Committee (inactive) Legal and Government Affairs Division (inactive) Legislative Documents Unit (inactive) LUD SEARCH (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Rules Drafting Attorney (inactive) Rules, Privileges, Elections Division (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Abandonment, Foreclosure & Disinvestment (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on Census (inactive) Subcommittee on Census 2000 (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Crime and Substance Abuse (inactive) Subcommittee on District Attorneys, Courts and Investigations (inactive) Subcommittee on Drug Abuse (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on People with Disabilities (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on City Workforce Equity (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on Technology in Government (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive) Task Force to Combat Gun Violence  (inactive) Unknown Body (inactive) UNKNOWN COMMITTEE (inactive) Type: Type: Primary Legislative Body Primary Legislative Body Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Council Chambers - City Hall Attachments: Attachments: Descriptions and Jurisdictions of Committees Descriptions and Jurisdictions of Committees Calendar (48) Calendar (48) Calendar (48) Calendar (48) Council Members (50) Council Members (50) Council Members (50) Council Members (50) Sponsored Legislation (0) Sponsored Legislation (0) Sponsored Legislation (0) Sponsored Legislation (0) List View List View List View List View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View 48 records Group Clear sorting Clear filtering Clear grouping Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Date: Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 All Years Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year 48 records 48 records Group Clear sorting Clear filtering Clear grouping Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear filtering Clear filtering Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Date: Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 All Years Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year Date: Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2025 2024 2024 2023 2023 2022 2022 2021 2021 2020 2020 2019 2019 2018 2018 2017 2017 2016 2016 2015 2015 2014 2014 2013 2013 2012 2012 2011 2011 2010 2010 2009 2009 2008 2008 2007 2007 2006 2006 2005 2005 2004 2004 2003 2003 2002 2002 2001 2001 2000 2000 1999 1999 All Years All Years Last Year Last Year Last Month Last Month Last Week Last Week This Year This Year This Month This Month This Week This Week Today Today Next Week Next Week Next Month Next Month Next Year Next Year Date Time Location Meeting Topic Meeting Details Agenda Minutes Multimedia 9/25/2025 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Meeting details Agenda Not available Not available 9/18/2025 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Meeting details Agenda Not available Not available 8/14/2025 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Meeting details Agenda Not available Not available 7/10/2025 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Meeting details Agenda Not available Not available 6/30/2025 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Meeting details Agenda Not available Not available 6/11/2025 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Meeting details Agenda Not available Not available 5/29/2025 Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Meeting details Agenda Not available Not available 5/28/2025 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Meeting details Agenda Not available Not available 5/1/2025 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Meeting details Agenda Not available Not available 4/24/2025 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 4/10/2025 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 3/26/2025 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 3/12/2025 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 2/27/2025 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 2/13/2025 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 1/23/2025 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 1/8/2025 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall CHARTER MEETING Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 12/19/2024 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 12/5/2024 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 11/21/2024 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 11/14/2024 Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Meeting details Agenda Not available Not available 11/13/2024 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 11/7/2024 Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Meeting details Agenda Not available Not available 10/23/2024 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 10/10/2024 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 9/26/2024 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 9/12/2024 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 8/15/2024 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 8/8/2024 Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Meeting details Agenda Not available Not available 7/18/2024 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 6/30/2024 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall BUDGET ADOPTION Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 6/20/2024 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 6/6/2024 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 5/23/2024 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 5/16/2024 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 4/25/2024 Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Meeting details Agenda Not available Not available 4/18/2024 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 4/11/2024 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 3/21/2024 Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Meeting details Agenda Not available Not available 3/19/2024 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 3/7/2024 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 2/29/2024 Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Meeting details Agenda Not available Not available 2/28/2024 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 2/8/2024 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 1/30/2024 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 1/30/2024 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 1/18/2024 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video 1/3/2024 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall CHARTER MEETING Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Minutes Video NoFilter Contains DoesNotContain StartsWith EndsWith EqualTo NotEqualTo GreaterThan LessThan GreaterThanOrEqualTo LessThanOrEqualTo Between NotBetween IsEmpty NotIsEmpty IsNull NotIsNull Custom          9/25/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available 9/18/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available 8/14/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available 7/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available 6/30/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available 6/11/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available 5/29/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available 5/28/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available 5/1/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available 4/24/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video 4/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video 3/26/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video 3/12/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video 2/27/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video 2/13/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video 1/23/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video 1/8/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall CHARTER MEETING Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video 12/19/2024   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video 12/5/2024   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video 11/21/2024   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video 11/14/2024   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available 11/13/2024   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video 11/7/2024   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available 10/23/2024   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video 10/10/2024   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video 9/26/2024   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video 9/12/2024   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video 8/15/2024   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video 8/8/2024   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available 7/18/2024   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video 6/30/2024   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall BUDGET ADOPTION Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video 6/20/2024   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video 6/6/2024   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video 5/23/2024   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video 5/16/2024   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video 4/25/2024   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available 4/18/2024   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video 4/11/2024   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video 3/21/2024   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available 3/19/2024   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video 3/7/2024   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video 2/29/2024   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available 2/28/2024   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video 2/8/2024   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video 1/30/2024   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video 1/30/2024   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video 1/18/2024   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video 1/3/2024   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall CHARTER MEETING Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video NoFilter NoFilter Contains Contains DoesNotContain DoesNotContain StartsWith StartsWith EndsWith EndsWith EqualTo EqualTo NotEqualTo NotEqualTo GreaterThan GreaterThan LessThan LessThan GreaterThanOrEqualTo GreaterThanOrEqualTo LessThanOrEqualTo LessThanOrEqualTo Between Between NotBetween NotBetween IsEmpty IsEmpty NotIsEmpty NotIsEmpty IsNull IsNull NotIsNull NotIsNull Custom Custom  previous day next day today Calendar Title and navigation Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << April 2025 S M T W T F S 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 April 2025   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30           Day Day Week Week Month Timeline Timeline Apr, 2025 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 City Council Stated Meeting 1:30 PM 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 City Council Stated Meeting 1:30 PM 25 28 29 30 1 May City Council Stated Meeting 1:30 PM 2 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 City Council Stated Meeting 1:30 PM  11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 City Council Stated Meeting 1:30 PM  25 28 29 30 1 May City Council Stated Meeting 1:30 PM  2 50 records Group Clear sorting Clear filtering Clear grouping Group by Title Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Term: Current Current Past All 50 records 50 records Group Clear sorting Clear filtering Clear grouping Group by Title Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear filtering Clear filtering Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Title Group by Title Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Term: Current Current Past All Term: Current Current Current Past Past All All Person Name District Title Start Date End Date Web Site Borough Political Party Adrienne E. Adams District 28 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/district-28/ Queens Democrat Alexa Avilés District 38 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...v/alexa-aviles/ Brooklyn Democrat Althea V.  Stevens District 16 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/district-16/ Bronx Democrat Amanda Farías District 18 Majority Leader 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council.../amanda-farias/ Bronx Democrat Carlina Rivera District 02 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...gov/district-2/ Manhattan Democrat Carmen N. De La Rosa District 10 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...men-de-la-rosa/ Manhattan Democrat Chi A. Ossé District 36 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/district-36/ Brooklyn Democrat Chris Banks District 42 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/district-42/ Brooklyn Democrat Christopher Marte District 01 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...istopher-marte/ Manhattan Democrat Crystal Hudson District 35 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...crystal-hudson/ Brooklyn Democrat Darlene Mealy District 41 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/district-41/ Brooklyn Democrat David M. Carr District 50 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...gov/david-carr/ Staten Island Republican Diana I. Ayala District 08 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...gov/district-8/ Manhattan Democrat Eric Dinowitz District 11 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/district-11/ Bronx Democrat Erik D. Bottcher District 03 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council.../erik-bottcher/ Manhattan Democrat Farah N. Louis District 45 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/farah-louis/ Brooklyn Democrat Francisco P. Moya District 21 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/district-21/ Queens Democrat Gale A. Brewer District 06 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 http://council....bers/home.shtml Manhattan Democrat Inna Vernikov District 48 Council Member 2/13/2025 12/31/2025 https://council.../inna-vernikov/ Brooklyn Republican James F. Gennaro District 24 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 http://council....bers/home.shtml Queens Democrat Jennifer Gutiérrez District 34 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/district-34/ Brooklyn Democrat Joann Ariola District 32 Minority Leader 2/13/2025 12/31/2025 https://council...v/joann-ariola/ Queens Republican Julie Menin District 05 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...gov/district-5/ Manhattan Democrat Julie Won District 26 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council....gov/julie-won/ Queens Democrat Justin L. Brannan District 47 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...justin-brannan/ Brooklyn Democrat Kamillah Hanks District 49 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...kamillah-hanks/ Staten Island Democrat Keith Powers District 04 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...gov/district-4/ Manhattan Democrat Kevin C. Riley District 12 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/district-12/ Bronx Democrat Kristy Marmorato District 13 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/district-13/ Bronx Republican Lincoln Restler District 33 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...incoln-restler/ Brooklyn Democrat Linda Lee District 23 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council....gov/linda-lee/ Queens Democrat Lynn C. Schulman District 29 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/district-29/ Queens Democrat Mercedes Narcisse District 46 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...cedes-narcisse/ Brooklyn Democrat Nantasha M. Williams District 27 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...tasha-williams/ Queens Democrat Oswald Feliz District 15 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/district-15/ Bronx Democrat Pierina Ana Sanchez District 14 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...na-ana-sanchez/ Bronx Democrat Rafael Salamanca, Jr. District 17 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 http://council....bers/home.shtml Bronx Democrat Rita C. Joseph District 40 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/rita-joseph/ Brooklyn Democrat Robert F. Holden District 30 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council.../robert-holden/ Queens Democrat Sandra Ung District 20 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/district-20/ Queens Democrat Sandy Nurse District 37 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/district-37/ Brooklyn Democrat Selvena N. Brooks-Powers District 31 Majority Whip 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...-brooks-powers/ Queens Democrat Shahana K. Hanif District 39 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council.../shahana-hanif/ Brooklyn Democrat Shaun Abreu District 07 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/shaun-abreu/ Manhattan Democrat Shekar Krishnan District 25 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/district-25/ Queens Democrat Simcha Felder District 44 Council Member 4/16/2025 12/31/2025 Brooklyn Democrat Susan Zhuang District 43 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/district-43/ Brooklyn Democrat Tiffany Cabán District 22 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council.../tiffany-caban/ Queens Democrat Vickie Paladino District 19 Minority Whip 2/13/2025 12/31/2025 https://council...ickie-paladino/ Queens Republican Yusef Salaam District 09 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 https://council...gov/district-9/ Manhattan Democrat NoFilter Contains DoesNotContain StartsWith EndsWith EqualTo NotEqualTo GreaterThan LessThan GreaterThanOrEqualTo LessThanOrEqualTo Between NotBetween IsEmpty NotIsEmpty IsNull NotIsNull Custom         Adrienne E. Adams District 28 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/district-28/ Queens Democrat Alexa Avilés District 38 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 12/31/2025 https://council...v/alexa-aviles/ Brooklyn Democrat Althea V.  Stevens District 16 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/district-16/ Bronx Democrat Amanda Farías District 18 Majority Leader 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 12/31/2025 https://council.../amanda-farias/ Bronx Democrat Carlina Rivera District 02 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 12/31/2025 https://council...gov/district-2/ Manhattan Democrat Carmen N. De La Rosa District 10 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 12/31/2025 https://council...men-de-la-rosa/ Manhattan Democrat Chi A. Ossé District 36 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/district-36/ Brooklyn Democrat Chris Banks District 42 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/district-42/ Brooklyn Democrat Christopher Marte District 01 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 12/31/2025 https://council...istopher-marte/ Manhattan Democrat Crystal Hudson District 35 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 12/31/2025 https://council...crystal-hudson/ Brooklyn Democrat Darlene Mealy District 41 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/district-41/ Brooklyn Democrat David M. Carr District 50 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 12/31/2025 https://council...gov/david-carr/ Staten Island Republican Diana I. Ayala District 08 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 12/31/2025 https://council...gov/district-8/ Manhattan Democrat Eric Dinowitz District 11 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/district-11/ Bronx Democrat Erik D. Bottcher District 03 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 12/31/2025 https://council.../erik-bottcher/ Manhattan Democrat Farah N. Louis District 45 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/farah-louis/ Brooklyn Democrat Francisco P. Moya District 21 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/district-21/ Queens Democrat Gale A. Brewer District 06 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 12/31/2025 http://council....bers/home.shtml Manhattan Democrat Inna Vernikov District 48 Council Member 2/13/2025 12/31/2025 12/31/2025 https://council.../inna-vernikov/ Brooklyn Republican James F. Gennaro District 24 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 12/31/2025 http://council....bers/home.shtml Queens Democrat Jennifer Gutiérrez District 34 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/district-34/ Brooklyn Democrat Joann Ariola District 32 Minority Leader 2/13/2025 12/31/2025 12/31/2025 https://council...v/joann-ariola/ Queens Republican Julie Menin District 05 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 12/31/2025 https://council...gov/district-5/ Manhattan Democrat Julie Won District 26 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 12/31/2025 https://council....gov/julie-won/ Queens Democrat Justin L. Brannan District 47 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 12/31/2025 https://council...justin-brannan/ Brooklyn Democrat Kamillah Hanks District 49 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 12/31/2025 https://council...kamillah-hanks/ Staten Island Democrat Keith Powers District 04 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 12/31/2025 https://council...gov/district-4/ Manhattan Democrat Kevin C. Riley District 12 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/district-12/ Bronx Democrat Kristy Marmorato District 13 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/district-13/ Bronx Republican Lincoln Restler District 33 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 12/31/2025 https://council...incoln-restler/ Brooklyn Democrat Linda Lee District 23 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 12/31/2025 https://council....gov/linda-lee/ Queens Democrat Lynn C. Schulman District 29 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/district-29/ Queens Democrat Mercedes Narcisse District 46 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 12/31/2025 https://council...cedes-narcisse/ Brooklyn Democrat Nantasha M. Williams District 27 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 12/31/2025 https://council...tasha-williams/ Queens Democrat Oswald Feliz District 15 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/district-15/ Bronx Democrat Pierina Ana Sanchez District 14 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 12/31/2025 https://council...na-ana-sanchez/ Bronx Democrat Rafael Salamanca, Jr. District 17 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 12/31/2025 http://council....bers/home.shtml Bronx Democrat Rita C. Joseph District 40 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/rita-joseph/ Brooklyn Democrat Robert F. Holden District 30 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 12/31/2025 https://council.../robert-holden/ Queens Democrat Sandra Ung District 20 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/district-20/ Queens Democrat Sandy Nurse District 37 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/district-37/ Brooklyn Democrat Selvena N. Brooks-Powers District 31 Majority Whip 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 12/31/2025 https://council...-brooks-powers/ Queens Democrat Shahana K. Hanif District 39 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 12/31/2025 https://council.../shahana-hanif/ Brooklyn Democrat Shaun Abreu District 07 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/shaun-abreu/ Manhattan Democrat Shekar Krishnan District 25 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/district-25/ Queens Democrat Simcha Felder District 44 Council Member 4/16/2025 12/31/2025 12/31/2025  Brooklyn Democrat Susan Zhuang District 43 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 12/31/2025 https://council...ov/district-43/ Brooklyn Democrat Tiffany Cabán District 22 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 12/31/2025 https://council.../tiffany-caban/ Queens Democrat Vickie Paladino District 19 Minority Whip 2/13/2025 12/31/2025 12/31/2025 https://council...ickie-paladino/ Queens Republican Yusef Salaam District 09 Council Member 1/1/2024 12/31/2025 12/31/2025 https://council...gov/district-9/ Manhattan Democrat NoFilter NoFilter Contains Contains DoesNotContain DoesNotContain StartsWith StartsWith EndsWith EndsWith EqualTo EqualTo NotEqualTo NotEqualTo GreaterThan GreaterThan LessThan LessThan GreaterThanOrEqualTo GreaterThanOrEqualTo LessThanOrEqualTo LessThanOrEqualTo Between Between NotBetween NotBetween IsEmpty IsEmpty NotIsEmpty NotIsEmpty IsNull IsNull NotIsNull NotIsNull Custom Custom 0 records Show Show 10 records Show 100 records Show 500 records Show 1000 records Show 10000 records Group Clear sorting Clear filtering Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Status Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Sponsor: First primary sponsor 0 records 0 records Show Show 10 records Show 100 records Show 500 records Show 1000 records Show 10000 records Show Show 10 records Show 10 records Show 100 records Show 100 records Show 500 records Show 500 records Show 1000 records Show 1000 records Show 10000 records Show 10000 records Group Clear sorting Clear filtering Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Status Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear filtering Clear filtering Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Status Group by Status Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Sponsor: First primary sponsor    Department Details Department Details - Short Committees and Council Members Committees and Council Members - Vacancies  Meeting date: Meeting date: select Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year  select Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year  0 records 0 records Show Show 10 records Show 100 records Show 500 records Show 1000 records Show 10000 records Show Show 10 records Show 10 records Show 100 records Show 100 records Show 500 records Show 500 records Show 1000 records Show 1000 records Show 10000 records Show 10000 records Group Clear sorting Clear filtering Clear grouping Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Location Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear filtering Clear filtering Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Location Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word  A value of N/A means that there is no data available within the selected date range. A value of N/A means that there is no data available within the selected date range. Meeting date: Meeting date: select Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year  select Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year  Show: Show: select All votes Only contentious votes  select All votes Only contentious votes  0 records Show Show 10 records Show 100 records Show 500 records Show 1000 records Show 10000 records Group Clear sorting Clear filtering Clear grouping Group by Action Date Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 0 records 0 records Show Show 10 records Show 100 records Show 500 records Show 1000 records Show 10000 records Show Show 10 records Show 10 records Show 100 records Show 100 records Show 500 records Show 500 records Show 1000 records Show 1000 records Show 10000 records Show 10000 records Group Clear sorting Clear filtering Clear grouping Group by Action Date Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear filtering Clear filtering Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Action Date Group by Action Date Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word  A value of N/A means that there is no data available within the selected date range. A value of N/A means that there is no data available within the selected date range.

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1290017&GUID=55376CFD-529D-4839-B1A3-62A486F254F4&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Children and Youth Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 4/30/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Contracts Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (5) 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3419 * Oversight - Examining Late Payments to Human Service Providers. Oversight Not available Not available Int 1247-2025 * Adrienne E. Adams Disbursement of a percentage of awards to non-profit organizations for contracts immediately upon registration by the comptroller. Introduction This bill would require the Procurement Policy Board to promulgate rules requiring the immediate disbursement of 80 percent of a fiscal year’s contract funds for agency contracts with non-profit organizations for goods, services or construction upon registration by the Comptroller and upon the start of each subsequent fiscal year, and to establish a process to recover funds for which the agency does not ultimately receive and accept the agreed-upon goods, services or construction. Not available Not available Int 1248-2025 * Adrienne E. Adams Establishing a department of contract services. Introduction This bill would establish a Department of Contract Services, the head of which would be the Commissioner of Contract Services, who would serve as the City Chief Procurement Officer. Not available Not available Int 1249-2025 * Justin L. Brannan Requiring agency corrective action plans for retroactive contract registration. Introduction This bill would require city agencies to submit annual reports on contract registration during the previous fiscal year. An agency would be required to submit a corrective action plan by January 1 if it: (1) registered 100 or more contracts or contracts valued at over $10 million in the previous fiscal year; and (2) more than 30 percent of its contracts or contract value were registered 90 days or more after their start dates. Such corrective action plans would need to analyze the causes of delays, specify improvements to be made, include implementation timelines, and set performance targets. The city chief procurement officer would be required to submit an annual report to the Mayor and Council analyzing citywide trends in the effectiveness of these corrective action plans. Not available Not available Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Children and Youth Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/30/2025 10:00 AM 4/30/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Contracts Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Contracts Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (5) Meeting Items (5) Meeting Items (5) Meeting Items (5) 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 5 records 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3419 * Oversight - Examining Late Payments to Human Service Providers. Oversight Not available Not available Int 1247-2025 * Adrienne E. Adams Disbursement of a percentage of awards to non-profit organizations for contracts immediately upon registration by the comptroller. Introduction This bill would require the Procurement Policy Board to promulgate rules requiring the immediate disbursement of 80 percent of a fiscal year’s contract funds for agency contracts with non-profit organizations for goods, services or construction upon registration by the Comptroller and upon the start of each subsequent fiscal year, and to establish a process to recover funds for which the agency does not ultimately receive and accept the agreed-upon goods, services or construction. Not available Not available Int 1248-2025 * Adrienne E. Adams Establishing a department of contract services. Introduction This bill would establish a Department of Contract Services, the head of which would be the Commissioner of Contract Services, who would serve as the City Chief Procurement Officer. Not available Not available Int 1249-2025 * Justin L. Brannan Requiring agency corrective action plans for retroactive contract registration. Introduction This bill would require city agencies to submit annual reports on contract registration during the previous fiscal year. An agency would be required to submit a corrective action plan by January 1 if it: (1) registered 100 or more contracts or contracts valued at over $10 million in the previous fiscal year; and (2) more than 30 percent of its contracts or contract value were registered 90 days or more after their start dates. Such corrective action plans would need to analyze the causes of delays, specify improvements to be made, include implementation timelines, and set performance targets. The city chief procurement officer would be required to submit an annual report to the Mayor and Council analyzing citywide trends in the effectiveness of these corrective action plans. Not available Not available Not available Not available T2025-3419 *    Oversight - Examining Late Payments to Human Service Providers. Oversight    Not available Not available Not available Int 1247-2025 * Adrienne E. Adams   Disbursement of a percentage of awards to non-profit organizations for contracts immediately upon registration by the comptroller. Introduction This bill would require the Procurement Policy Board to promulgate rules requiring the immediate disbursement of 80 percent of a fiscal year’s contract funds for agency contracts with non-profit organizations for goods, services or construction upon registration by the Comptroller and upon the start of each subsequent fiscal year, and to establish a process to recover funds for which the agency does not ultimately receive and accept the agreed-upon goods, services or construction.   Not available Not available Not available Int 1248-2025 * Adrienne E. Adams   Establishing a department of contract services. Introduction This bill would establish a Department of Contract Services, the head of which would be the Commissioner of Contract Services, who would serve as the City Chief Procurement Officer.   Not available Not available Not available Int 1249-2025 * Justin L. Brannan   Requiring agency corrective action plans for retroactive contract registration. Introduction This bill would require city agencies to submit annual reports on contract registration during the previous fiscal year. An agency would be required to submit a corrective action plan by January 1 if it: (1) registered 100 or more contracts or contracts valued at over $10 million in the previous fiscal year; and (2) more than 30 percent of its contracts or contract value were registered 90 days or more after their start dates. Such corrective action plans would need to analyze the causes of delays, specify improvements to be made, include implementation timelines, and set performance targets. The city chief procurement officer would be required to submit an annual report to the Mayor and Council analyzing citywide trends in the effectiveness of these corrective action plans.   Not available Not available Not available           Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1302695&GUID=E6461702-7344-4251-9A13-7453F2F1D90E ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1302722&GUID=8F15FC3F-D63E-4D03-9C69-3FA3D9436B33&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Finance Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 5/27/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Criminal Justice and the Committee on Immigration. Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3467 * Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Oversight Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Finance Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 5/27/2025 10:00 AM 5/27/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Criminal Justice and the Committee on Immigration. Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Criminal Justice and the Committee on Immigration. Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 1 record 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3467 * Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Oversight Not available Not available T2025-3467 *    Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Oversight    Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1288264&GUID=57DD90C7-E93F-444A-A521-FE7363D1789D&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Meeting Name: Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 4/21/2025 1:00 PM Minutes status: Final Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Minutes Meeting video: Video Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (4) 4 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available T2025-3252 * Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Oversight Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available T2025-3252 * Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Oversight Filed, by Committee Action details Not available Not available Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/21/2025 1:00 PM 4/21/2025 1:00 PM Minutes status: Minutes status: Final Final  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Minutes  Meeting video: Meeting video: Video Video  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (4) Meeting Items (4) Meeting Items (4) Meeting Items (4) 4 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 4 records 4 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available T2025-3252 * Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Oversight Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available T2025-3252 * Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Oversight Filed, by Committee Action details Not available Not available           Roll call Not available Not available T2025-3252 *    Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Oversight  Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available T2025-3252 *    Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Oversight  Filed, by Committee  Action details Not available Not available            Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1293220&GUID=00CC0F13-1043-43DE-B72D-F16D360CCBD6&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Housing and Buildings Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 4/29/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (5) 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3336 * Oversight - Housing Connect - Reforming NYC’s Affordable Housing Lottery. Oversight Not available Not available Int 1207-2025 * Carmen N. De La Rosa Allowing for time spent in an apprenticeship to count towards the supervised practical experience time requirement for the granting of high-pressure boiler operating engineer licenses. Introduction This bill would allow time spent in an apprenticeship to count towards the three-year supervised practical experience requirement for gaining a high-pressure boiler operating engineer license. Not available Not available Int 1264-2025 * Pierina Ana Sanchez How affordable housing units which subsequently became vacant are rented through the housing portal. Introduction This bill would require that the department of housing preservation and development post on the housing portal any previously occupied affordable housing unit available for rent if such unit is required to be rented through the housing portal. It would also require that only users who apply for occupancy of any such unit after the unit has been posted on the housing portal be considered for occupancy of that unit. Not available Not available Int 1265-2025 * Pierina Ana Sanchez Notifications regarding applications in New York City’s housing portal and designation of a representative to receive notifications. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Housing Preservation and Development (HPD) housing portal to provide users with notification by e-mail and text of any update to their applications. This bill would also require the housing portal to permit a user to designate a representative who would receive notifications of any update to the user’s application, new information posted about a unit selected by the user, a new unit available that matches the user’s prescribed criteria, and any other information deemed appropriate by HPD. The designated representative would also be permitted to create a housing portal account to receive these notifications. Not available Not available Int 1266-2025 * Pierina Ana Sanchez Requiring the department of housing preservation and development to create an in-person housing portal assistance program. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Housing Preservation and Development (“HPD”), in cooperation with other relevant agencies, to offer an in-person assistance program for Housing Connect applicants, available in certain public spaces with publicly accessible computers, including older adult centers operated by the Department for the Aging and recreation centers operated by the Department of Parks and Recreation. HPD would be required to conduct outreach to promote awareness of the program. Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Housing and Buildings Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/29/2025 10:00 AM 4/29/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (5) Meeting Items (5) Meeting Items (5) Meeting Items (5) 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 5 records 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3336 * Oversight - Housing Connect - Reforming NYC’s Affordable Housing Lottery. Oversight Not available Not available Int 1207-2025 * Carmen N. De La Rosa Allowing for time spent in an apprenticeship to count towards the supervised practical experience time requirement for the granting of high-pressure boiler operating engineer licenses. Introduction This bill would allow time spent in an apprenticeship to count towards the three-year supervised practical experience requirement for gaining a high-pressure boiler operating engineer license. Not available Not available Int 1264-2025 * Pierina Ana Sanchez How affordable housing units which subsequently became vacant are rented through the housing portal. Introduction This bill would require that the department of housing preservation and development post on the housing portal any previously occupied affordable housing unit available for rent if such unit is required to be rented through the housing portal. It would also require that only users who apply for occupancy of any such unit after the unit has been posted on the housing portal be considered for occupancy of that unit. Not available Not available Int 1265-2025 * Pierina Ana Sanchez Notifications regarding applications in New York City’s housing portal and designation of a representative to receive notifications. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Housing Preservation and Development (HPD) housing portal to provide users with notification by e-mail and text of any update to their applications. This bill would also require the housing portal to permit a user to designate a representative who would receive notifications of any update to the user’s application, new information posted about a unit selected by the user, a new unit available that matches the user’s prescribed criteria, and any other information deemed appropriate by HPD. The designated representative would also be permitted to create a housing portal account to receive these notifications. Not available Not available Int 1266-2025 * Pierina Ana Sanchez Requiring the department of housing preservation and development to create an in-person housing portal assistance program. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Housing Preservation and Development (“HPD”), in cooperation with other relevant agencies, to offer an in-person assistance program for Housing Connect applicants, available in certain public spaces with publicly accessible computers, including older adult centers operated by the Department for the Aging and recreation centers operated by the Department of Parks and Recreation. HPD would be required to conduct outreach to promote awareness of the program. Not available Not available T2025-3336 *    Oversight - Housing Connect - Reforming NYC’s Affordable Housing Lottery. Oversight    Not available Not available Not available Int 1207-2025 * Carmen N. De La Rosa   Allowing for time spent in an apprenticeship to count towards the supervised practical experience time requirement for the granting of high-pressure boiler operating engineer licenses. Introduction This bill would allow time spent in an apprenticeship to count towards the three-year supervised practical experience requirement for gaining a high-pressure boiler operating engineer license.   Not available Not available Not available Int 1264-2025 * Pierina Ana Sanchez   How affordable housing units which subsequently became vacant are rented through the housing portal. Introduction This bill would require that the department of housing preservation and development post on the housing portal any previously occupied affordable housing unit available for rent if such unit is required to be rented through the housing portal. It would also require that only users who apply for occupancy of any such unit after the unit has been posted on the housing portal be considered for occupancy of that unit.   Not available Not available Not available Int 1265-2025 * Pierina Ana Sanchez   Notifications regarding applications in New York City’s housing portal and designation of a representative to receive notifications. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Housing Preservation and Development (HPD) housing portal to provide users with notification by e-mail and text of any update to their applications. This bill would also require the housing portal to permit a user to designate a representative who would receive notifications of any update to the user’s application, new information posted about a unit selected by the user, a new unit available that matches the user’s prescribed criteria, and any other information deemed appropriate by HPD. The designated representative would also be permitted to create a housing portal account to receive these notifications.   Not available Not available Not available Int 1266-2025 * Pierina Ana Sanchez   Requiring the department of housing preservation and development to create an in-person housing portal assistance program. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Housing Preservation and Development (“HPD”), in cooperation with other relevant agencies, to offer an in-person assistance program for Housing Connect applicants, available in certain public spaces with publicly accessible computers, including older adult centers operated by the Department for the Aging and recreation centers operated by the Department of Parks and Recreation. HPD would be required to conduct outreach to promote awareness of the program.   Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov#2025-03-31 ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## List View List View List View List View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Search: Search:  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive)  select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive) notes closed captions notes closed captions  *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. Help 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 845 records 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 City Council Stated Meeting 9/25/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 9/18/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 8/14/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 7/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/30/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 6/26/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Cooling centers. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/11/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/29/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Public Safety. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Safety Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/28/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Immigration 5/27/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Immigration Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Criminal Justice and the Committee on Immigration. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Criminal Justice 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Criminal Justice Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Health Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Hospitals Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Education. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Children and Youth Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on General Welfare. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on General Welfare 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - General Welfare Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 5/15/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Higher Education and the Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Higher Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Housing 5/14/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Housing Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Housing and Buildings and the Committee on Public Housing. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Housing and Buildings Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/13/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Parks and Recreation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Transportation and Infrastructure Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Parks and Recreation and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Aging 5/12/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Aging Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management and the Committee on Aging. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/6/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/1/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Establishing exemptions for third-party food delivery services from the limits on fees charged by such services on food service establishments. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Wildfire mitigation strategic planning report to mitigate wildfires in parks under the jurisdiction of the department of parks and recreation. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/1/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/1/2025   9:00 AM 9:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the department of education to report on school librarians and library access in New York city public schools. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/30/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Land Use 4/30/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Contracts 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Contracts Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Public Meeting Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 4/29/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Oversight - Removing Small Financial Barriers for CUNY Students. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Technology 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Veterans 4/28/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 4/24/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* New York City health care institutions to contract with industrial laundry companies that respect workers’ legal rights and adhere to area standards for wages and benefits. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Economic Development 4/24/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/24/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Veterans 4/23/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/23/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Land Use 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/17/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Women and Gender Equity. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil Service and Labor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Criminal Justice 4/16/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Aging 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with the Committee on Finance. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Immigration 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Immigration Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Housing 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Security Guards, Fire Guards, and NYCHA’s Oversight of Contractors. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video City Council Stated Meeting 4/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Technology 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the 311 customer service center to provide certain resources in response to tree pruning-related requests. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Fire and Emergency Management 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Flash flood preparedness outreach and evacuation guidance. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Long-term citywide bathroom strategy and to make other technical changes. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/10/2025   10:45 AM 10:45 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor VOTE* Prioritization of maintenance of trees adjacent to buildings and structures. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Safety 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/10/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/10/2025   9:30 AM 9:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video  previous day next day today Calendar Title and navigation Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << April 2025 S M T W T F S 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 April 2025   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30           Day Day Week Week Month Timeline Timeline Apr, 2025 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1288980&GUID=9DFFEFE2-FAA9-4FC1-B0A5-991308AFE410&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Meeting Name: Committee on Finance Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 4/24/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Final Meeting location: Committee Room - City Hall Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Minutes Meeting video: Video Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (19) 19 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available Int 0889-2024 * Crystal Hudson Proposed Int. No. 889-A Providing notification to council members of the recording of certain real estate instruments. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Finance to provide an e-mail notification to each Council Member when a document is recorded against any real property in the Council Member’s district that has been continuously owned by the same party for 30 years or more. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0889-2024 * Crystal Hudson Providing notification to council members of the recording of certain real estate instruments. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Finance to provide an e-mail notification to each Council Member when a document is recorded against any real property in the Council Member’s district that has been continuously owned by the same party for 30 years or more. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 0889-2024 * Crystal Hudson Providing notification to council members of the recording of certain real estate instruments. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Finance to provide an e-mail notification to each Council Member when a document is recorded against any real property in the Council Member’s district that has been continuously owned by the same party for 30 years or more. Amended by Committee Action details Not available Int 0889-2024 A Crystal Hudson Providing notification to council members of the recording of certain real estate instruments. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Finance to provide an e-mail notification to each Council Member when a document is recorded against any real property in the Council Member’s district that has been continuously owned by the same party for 30 years or more. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Int 1086-2024 * Nantasha M. Williams Proposed Int. No. 1086-A Notifying interested parties of the recording of certain real estate instruments. Introduction This bill would amend section 7-628 of the Administrative Code by requiring the Department of Finance (DOF) to notify interested parties by postal mail and, if elected by the interested party, by e-mail or text message, or both, when a deed-related or mortgage-related document has been recorded for the property. DOF would be required to send such notifications no later than 30 days after the relevant recording. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 1086-2024 * Nantasha M. Williams Notifying interested parties of the recording of certain real estate instruments. Introduction This bill would amend section 7-628 of the Administrative Code by requiring the Department of Finance (DOF) to notify interested parties by postal mail and, if elected by the interested party, by e-mail or text message, or both, when a deed-related or mortgage-related document has been recorded for the property. DOF would be required to send such notifications no later than 30 days after the relevant recording. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 1086-2024 * Nantasha M. Williams Notifying interested parties of the recording of certain real estate instruments. Introduction This bill would amend section 7-628 of the Administrative Code by requiring the Department of Finance (DOF) to notify interested parties by postal mail and, if elected by the interested party, by e-mail or text message, or both, when a deed-related or mortgage-related document has been recorded for the property. DOF would be required to send such notifications no later than 30 days after the relevant recording. Amended by Committee Action details Not available Int 1086-2024 A Nantasha M. Williams Notifying interested parties of the recording of certain real estate instruments. Introduction This bill would amend section 7-628 of the Administrative Code by requiring the Department of Finance (DOF) to notify interested parties by postal mail and, if elected by the interested party, by e-mail or text message, or both, when a deed-related or mortgage-related document has been recorded for the property. DOF would be required to send such notifications no later than 30 days after the relevant recording. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Int 1219-2025 * Diana I. Ayala East Harlem 125th Street Business Improvement District, Manhattan Introduction This bill would establish the East Harlem 125th Street Business Improvement District (“BID”) in the borough of Manhattan. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 1219-2025 * Diana I. Ayala East Harlem 125th Street Business Improvement District, Manhattan Introduction This bill would establish the East Harlem 125th Street Business Improvement District (“BID”) in the borough of Manhattan. Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Int 1234-2025 * Justin L. Brannan Proposed Int. No. 1234-A Executive budget process. Introduction This bill would amend certain dates fixed in the New York City Charter in relation to the executive budget process. This bill would require the Director of the Independent Budget Office to publish a report analyzing the Mayor’s executive budget for the ensuing fiscal year no later than May 20 each year. Additionally, this bill would provide that between May 10 and May 31 each year, the Council shall hold public hearings on the Mayor’s executive budget. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 1234-2025 * Justin L. Brannan Executive budget process. Introduction This bill would amend certain dates fixed in the New York City Charter in relation to the executive budget process. This bill would require the Director of the Independent Budget Office to publish a report analyzing the Mayor’s executive budget for the ensuing fiscal year no later than May 20 each year. Additionally, this bill would provide that between May 10 and May 31 each year, the Council shall hold public hearings on the Mayor’s executive budget. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 1234-2025 * Justin L. Brannan Executive budget process. Introduction This bill would amend certain dates fixed in the New York City Charter in relation to the executive budget process. This bill would require the Director of the Independent Budget Office to publish a report analyzing the Mayor’s executive budget for the ensuing fiscal year no later than May 20 each year. Additionally, this bill would provide that between May 10 and May 31 each year, the Council shall hold public hearings on the Mayor’s executive budget. Amended by Committee Action details Not available Int 1234-2025 A Justin L. Brannan Executive budget process. Introduction This bill would amend certain dates fixed in the New York City Charter in relation to the executive budget process. This bill would require the Director of the Independent Budget Office to publish a report analyzing the Mayor’s executive budget for the ensuing fiscal year no later than May 20 each year. Additionally, this bill would provide that between May 10 and May 31 each year, the Council shall hold public hearings on the Mayor’s executive budget. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Res 0327-2024 * Sandy Nurse Allowing for property owners who receive tax exemptions to have the exemption apply retroactively where eligible. Resolution Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Res 0327-2024 * Sandy Nurse Allowing for property owners who receive tax exemptions to have the exemption apply retroactively where eligible. Resolution Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Res 0849-2025 * Justin L. Brannan Preconsidered Approving the new designation and changes in the designation of certain organizations to receive funding in the Expense Budget. Resolution Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Not available Res 0849-2025 * Justin L. Brannan Approving the new designation and changes in the designation of certain organizations to receive funding in the Expense Budget. Resolution P-C Item Approved by Comm Pass Action details Not available Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Finance Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/24/2025 10:00 AM 4/24/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Final Final  Meeting location: Meeting location: Committee Room - City Hall Committee Room - City Hall Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Minutes  Meeting video: Meeting video: Video Video  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (19) Meeting Items (19) Meeting Items (19) Meeting Items (19) 19 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 19 records 19 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available Int 0889-2024 * Crystal Hudson Proposed Int. No. 889-A Providing notification to council members of the recording of certain real estate instruments. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Finance to provide an e-mail notification to each Council Member when a document is recorded against any real property in the Council Member’s district that has been continuously owned by the same party for 30 years or more. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0889-2024 * Crystal Hudson Providing notification to council members of the recording of certain real estate instruments. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Finance to provide an e-mail notification to each Council Member when a document is recorded against any real property in the Council Member’s district that has been continuously owned by the same party for 30 years or more. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 0889-2024 * Crystal Hudson Providing notification to council members of the recording of certain real estate instruments. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Finance to provide an e-mail notification to each Council Member when a document is recorded against any real property in the Council Member’s district that has been continuously owned by the same party for 30 years or more. Amended by Committee Action details Not available Int 0889-2024 A Crystal Hudson Providing notification to council members of the recording of certain real estate instruments. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Finance to provide an e-mail notification to each Council Member when a document is recorded against any real property in the Council Member’s district that has been continuously owned by the same party for 30 years or more. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Int 1086-2024 * Nantasha M. Williams Proposed Int. No. 1086-A Notifying interested parties of the recording of certain real estate instruments. Introduction This bill would amend section 7-628 of the Administrative Code by requiring the Department of Finance (DOF) to notify interested parties by postal mail and, if elected by the interested party, by e-mail or text message, or both, when a deed-related or mortgage-related document has been recorded for the property. DOF would be required to send such notifications no later than 30 days after the relevant recording. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 1086-2024 * Nantasha M. Williams Notifying interested parties of the recording of certain real estate instruments. Introduction This bill would amend section 7-628 of the Administrative Code by requiring the Department of Finance (DOF) to notify interested parties by postal mail and, if elected by the interested party, by e-mail or text message, or both, when a deed-related or mortgage-related document has been recorded for the property. DOF would be required to send such notifications no later than 30 days after the relevant recording. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 1086-2024 * Nantasha M. Williams Notifying interested parties of the recording of certain real estate instruments. Introduction This bill would amend section 7-628 of the Administrative Code by requiring the Department of Finance (DOF) to notify interested parties by postal mail and, if elected by the interested party, by e-mail or text message, or both, when a deed-related or mortgage-related document has been recorded for the property. DOF would be required to send such notifications no later than 30 days after the relevant recording. Amended by Committee Action details Not available Int 1086-2024 A Nantasha M. Williams Notifying interested parties of the recording of certain real estate instruments. Introduction This bill would amend section 7-628 of the Administrative Code by requiring the Department of Finance (DOF) to notify interested parties by postal mail and, if elected by the interested party, by e-mail or text message, or both, when a deed-related or mortgage-related document has been recorded for the property. DOF would be required to send such notifications no later than 30 days after the relevant recording. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Int 1219-2025 * Diana I. Ayala East Harlem 125th Street Business Improvement District, Manhattan Introduction This bill would establish the East Harlem 125th Street Business Improvement District (“BID”) in the borough of Manhattan. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 1219-2025 * Diana I. Ayala East Harlem 125th Street Business Improvement District, Manhattan Introduction This bill would establish the East Harlem 125th Street Business Improvement District (“BID”) in the borough of Manhattan. Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Int 1234-2025 * Justin L. Brannan Proposed Int. No. 1234-A Executive budget process. Introduction This bill would amend certain dates fixed in the New York City Charter in relation to the executive budget process. This bill would require the Director of the Independent Budget Office to publish a report analyzing the Mayor’s executive budget for the ensuing fiscal year no later than May 20 each year. Additionally, this bill would provide that between May 10 and May 31 each year, the Council shall hold public hearings on the Mayor’s executive budget. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 1234-2025 * Justin L. Brannan Executive budget process. Introduction This bill would amend certain dates fixed in the New York City Charter in relation to the executive budget process. This bill would require the Director of the Independent Budget Office to publish a report analyzing the Mayor’s executive budget for the ensuing fiscal year no later than May 20 each year. Additionally, this bill would provide that between May 10 and May 31 each year, the Council shall hold public hearings on the Mayor’s executive budget. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 1234-2025 * Justin L. Brannan Executive budget process. Introduction This bill would amend certain dates fixed in the New York City Charter in relation to the executive budget process. This bill would require the Director of the Independent Budget Office to publish a report analyzing the Mayor’s executive budget for the ensuing fiscal year no later than May 20 each year. Additionally, this bill would provide that between May 10 and May 31 each year, the Council shall hold public hearings on the Mayor’s executive budget. Amended by Committee Action details Not available Int 1234-2025 A Justin L. Brannan Executive budget process. Introduction This bill would amend certain dates fixed in the New York City Charter in relation to the executive budget process. This bill would require the Director of the Independent Budget Office to publish a report analyzing the Mayor’s executive budget for the ensuing fiscal year no later than May 20 each year. Additionally, this bill would provide that between May 10 and May 31 each year, the Council shall hold public hearings on the Mayor’s executive budget. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Res 0327-2024 * Sandy Nurse Allowing for property owners who receive tax exemptions to have the exemption apply retroactively where eligible. Resolution Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Res 0327-2024 * Sandy Nurse Allowing for property owners who receive tax exemptions to have the exemption apply retroactively where eligible. Resolution Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Res 0849-2025 * Justin L. Brannan Preconsidered Approving the new designation and changes in the designation of certain organizations to receive funding in the Expense Budget. Resolution Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Not available Res 0849-2025 * Justin L. Brannan Approving the new designation and changes in the designation of certain organizations to receive funding in the Expense Budget. Resolution P-C Item Approved by Comm Pass Action details Not available           Roll call Not available Not available Int 0889-2024 * Crystal Hudson  Proposed Int. No. 889-A Providing notification to council members of the recording of certain real estate instruments. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Finance to provide an e-mail notification to each Council Member when a document is recorded against any real property in the Council Member’s district that has been continuously owned by the same party for 30 years or more. Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0889-2024 * Crystal Hudson   Providing notification to council members of the recording of certain real estate instruments. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Finance to provide an e-mail notification to each Council Member when a document is recorded against any real property in the Council Member’s district that has been continuously owned by the same party for 30 years or more. Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Not available Not available Int 0889-2024 * Crystal Hudson   Providing notification to council members of the recording of certain real estate instruments. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Finance to provide an e-mail notification to each Council Member when a document is recorded against any real property in the Council Member’s district that has been continuously owned by the same party for 30 years or more. Amended by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0889-2024 A Crystal Hudson   Providing notification to council members of the recording of certain real estate instruments. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Finance to provide an e-mail notification to each Council Member when a document is recorded against any real property in the Council Member’s district that has been continuously owned by the same party for 30 years or more. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Not available Int 1086-2024 * Nantasha M. Williams  Proposed Int. No. 1086-A Notifying interested parties of the recording of certain real estate instruments. Introduction This bill would amend section 7-628 of the Administrative Code by requiring the Department of Finance (DOF) to notify interested parties by postal mail and, if elected by the interested party, by e-mail or text message, or both, when a deed-related or mortgage-related document has been recorded for the property. DOF would be required to send such notifications no later than 30 days after the relevant recording. Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 1086-2024 * Nantasha M. Williams   Notifying interested parties of the recording of certain real estate instruments. Introduction This bill would amend section 7-628 of the Administrative Code by requiring the Department of Finance (DOF) to notify interested parties by postal mail and, if elected by the interested party, by e-mail or text message, or both, when a deed-related or mortgage-related document has been recorded for the property. DOF would be required to send such notifications no later than 30 days after the relevant recording. Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Not available Not available Int 1086-2024 * Nantasha M. Williams   Notifying interested parties of the recording of certain real estate instruments. Introduction This bill would amend section 7-628 of the Administrative Code by requiring the Department of Finance (DOF) to notify interested parties by postal mail and, if elected by the interested party, by e-mail or text message, or both, when a deed-related or mortgage-related document has been recorded for the property. DOF would be required to send such notifications no later than 30 days after the relevant recording. Amended by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 1086-2024 A Nantasha M. Williams   Notifying interested parties of the recording of certain real estate instruments. Introduction This bill would amend section 7-628 of the Administrative Code by requiring the Department of Finance (DOF) to notify interested parties by postal mail and, if elected by the interested party, by e-mail or text message, or both, when a deed-related or mortgage-related document has been recorded for the property. DOF would be required to send such notifications no later than 30 days after the relevant recording. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Not available Int 1219-2025 * Diana I. Ayala   East Harlem 125th Street Business Improvement District, Manhattan Introduction This bill would establish the East Harlem 125th Street Business Improvement District (“BID”) in the borough of Manhattan. Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 1219-2025 * Diana I. Ayala   East Harlem 125th Street Business Improvement District, Manhattan Introduction This bill would establish the East Harlem 125th Street Business Improvement District (“BID”) in the borough of Manhattan. Laid Over by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 1234-2025 * Justin L. Brannan  Proposed Int. No. 1234-A Executive budget process. Introduction This bill would amend certain dates fixed in the New York City Charter in relation to the executive budget process. This bill would require the Director of the Independent Budget Office to publish a report analyzing the Mayor’s executive budget for the ensuing fiscal year no later than May 20 each year. Additionally, this bill would provide that between May 10 and May 31 each year, the Council shall hold public hearings on the Mayor’s executive budget. Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 1234-2025 * Justin L. Brannan   Executive budget process. Introduction This bill would amend certain dates fixed in the New York City Charter in relation to the executive budget process. This bill would require the Director of the Independent Budget Office to publish a report analyzing the Mayor’s executive budget for the ensuing fiscal year no later than May 20 each year. Additionally, this bill would provide that between May 10 and May 31 each year, the Council shall hold public hearings on the Mayor’s executive budget. Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Not available Not available Int 1234-2025 * Justin L. Brannan   Executive budget process. Introduction This bill would amend certain dates fixed in the New York City Charter in relation to the executive budget process. This bill would require the Director of the Independent Budget Office to publish a report analyzing the Mayor’s executive budget for the ensuing fiscal year no later than May 20 each year. Additionally, this bill would provide that between May 10 and May 31 each year, the Council shall hold public hearings on the Mayor’s executive budget. Amended by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 1234-2025 A Justin L. Brannan   Executive budget process. Introduction This bill would amend certain dates fixed in the New York City Charter in relation to the executive budget process. This bill would require the Director of the Independent Budget Office to publish a report analyzing the Mayor’s executive budget for the ensuing fiscal year no later than May 20 each year. Additionally, this bill would provide that between May 10 and May 31 each year, the Council shall hold public hearings on the Mayor’s executive budget. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Not available Res 0327-2024 * Sandy Nurse   Allowing for property owners who receive tax exemptions to have the exemption apply retroactively where eligible. Resolution  Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Res 0327-2024 * Sandy Nurse   Allowing for property owners who receive tax exemptions to have the exemption apply retroactively where eligible. Resolution  Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Not available Res 0849-2025 * Justin L. Brannan  Preconsidered Approving the new designation and changes in the designation of certain organizations to receive funding in the Expense Budget. Resolution  Hearing on P-C Item by Comm  Action details Not available Not available Res 0849-2025 * Justin L. Brannan   Approving the new designation and changes in the designation of certain organizations to receive funding in the Expense Budget. Resolution  P-C Item Approved by Comm Pass Action details Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=M&ID=1284781&GUID=BEEC42C0-9FF3-49E8-BD3F-2DD93DE25819 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1302716&GUID=87BFB88A-A4C4-495C-9881-B00D0AE60E1F ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1293477&GUID=45D397B5-BD64-4295-B4AD-F6164A80B14D ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1302703&GUID=9E70FF5E-2F9C-4B3C-8787-336E6AF52155 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1293231&GUID=0FA6CE22-BC62-4DC6-9D97-F3E936D01B6C&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 4/28/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Committee Room - City Hall Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (8) 8 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3476 * Keith Powers Preconsidered Helen Skipper, New York City Board of Correction Resolution Not available Not available T2025-3477 * Keith Powers Preconsidered Dr. Robert Cohen, New York City Board of Correction Resolution Not available Not available T2025-3478 * Preconsidered Stephen Chu, Landmarks Preservation Commission Mayor's Message Not available Not available T2025-3479 * Preconsidered Angie Master, Landmarks Preservation Commission Mayor's Message Not available Not available T2025-3480 * Preconsidered Stephen Wilder, Landmarks Preservation Commission Mayor's Message Not available Not available T2025-3481 * Preconsidered Erasmus Ikpemgbe, Landmarks Preservation Commission Mayor's Message Not available Not available T2025-3482 * Preconsidered Frank Mahan, Landmarks Preservation Commission Mayor's Message Not available Not available T2025-3484 * Preconsidered Robert J. Firestone, New York City Tax Commission Mayor's Message Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/28/2025 10:00 AM 4/28/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Committee Room - City Hall Committee Room - City Hall Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (8) Meeting Items (8) Meeting Items (8) Meeting Items (8) 8 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 8 records 8 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3476 * Keith Powers Preconsidered Helen Skipper, New York City Board of Correction Resolution Not available Not available T2025-3477 * Keith Powers Preconsidered Dr. Robert Cohen, New York City Board of Correction Resolution Not available Not available T2025-3478 * Preconsidered Stephen Chu, Landmarks Preservation Commission Mayor's Message Not available Not available T2025-3479 * Preconsidered Angie Master, Landmarks Preservation Commission Mayor's Message Not available Not available T2025-3480 * Preconsidered Stephen Wilder, Landmarks Preservation Commission Mayor's Message Not available Not available T2025-3481 * Preconsidered Erasmus Ikpemgbe, Landmarks Preservation Commission Mayor's Message Not available Not available T2025-3482 * Preconsidered Frank Mahan, Landmarks Preservation Commission Mayor's Message Not available Not available T2025-3484 * Preconsidered Robert J. Firestone, New York City Tax Commission Mayor's Message Not available Not available T2025-3476 * Keith Powers  Preconsidered Helen Skipper, New York City Board of Correction Resolution    Not available Not available Not available T2025-3477 * Keith Powers  Preconsidered Dr. Robert Cohen, New York City Board of Correction Resolution    Not available Not available Not available T2025-3478 *   Preconsidered Stephen Chu, Landmarks Preservation Commission Mayor's Message    Not available Not available Not available T2025-3479 *   Preconsidered Angie Master, Landmarks Preservation Commission Mayor's Message    Not available Not available Not available T2025-3480 *   Preconsidered Stephen Wilder, Landmarks Preservation Commission Mayor's Message    Not available Not available Not available T2025-3481 *   Preconsidered Erasmus Ikpemgbe, Landmarks Preservation Commission Mayor's Message    Not available Not available Not available T2025-3482 *   Preconsidered Frank Mahan, Landmarks Preservation Commission Mayor's Message    Not available Not available Not available T2025-3484 *   Preconsidered Robert J. Firestone, New York City Tax Commission Mayor's Message    Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1303045&GUID=4F729909-8E23-44A0-B029-29AB9342D45E&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 5/1/2025 11:30 AM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Int 0762-2024 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Proposed Int. No. 762-B Establishing exemptions for third-party food delivery services from the limits on fees charged by such services on food service establishments. Introduction The current cap on fees that a third-party delivery service may charge a restaurant for the use of their service is 15% for delivery, 3% for credit card processing, and 5% for any other fees – these percentages are calculated per order. This bill would allow third-party delivery services to charge a restaurant an additional 20% for enhanced services. It would only permit the use of the enhanced service fee, however, if the delivery service offers the option to purchase a basic service at a cost no higher than the current fee limits, and if such basic service includes the option to obtain delivery services and be listed and discoverable on the third-party platform. This bill would require third-party delivery services to notify restaurants that have an existing agreement with such service about the new services offered, the caps on fees, and any changes that would be made to the service fees. It would also require third-party delivery services to prepare monthly transaction statements that include an itemized list of fees charged to restaurants. This bill would also restrict third-party food delivery services from purchasing the name of a restaurant for purposes of internet advertising. This bill would allow restaurants to include marketing materials in orders made through third-party food delivery services, and it would not prohibit restaurants from charging different prices for items ordered through a third-party food delivery service. This bill would also update the reporting requirements regarding the fee caps, requiring the Department of Consumer and Worker Protection to report on the effect of the fee caps and the number of violations issued under this subchapter. Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 5/1/2025 11:30 AM 5/1/2025 11:30 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 1 record 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Int 0762-2024 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Proposed Int. No. 762-B Establishing exemptions for third-party food delivery services from the limits on fees charged by such services on food service establishments. Introduction The current cap on fees that a third-party delivery service may charge a restaurant for the use of their service is 15% for delivery, 3% for credit card processing, and 5% for any other fees – these percentages are calculated per order. This bill would allow third-party delivery services to charge a restaurant an additional 20% for enhanced services. It would only permit the use of the enhanced service fee, however, if the delivery service offers the option to purchase a basic service at a cost no higher than the current fee limits, and if such basic service includes the option to obtain delivery services and be listed and discoverable on the third-party platform. This bill would require third-party delivery services to notify restaurants that have an existing agreement with such service about the new services offered, the caps on fees, and any changes that would be made to the service fees. It would also require third-party delivery services to prepare monthly transaction statements that include an itemized list of fees charged to restaurants. This bill would also restrict third-party food delivery services from purchasing the name of a restaurant for purposes of internet advertising. This bill would allow restaurants to include marketing materials in orders made through third-party food delivery services, and it would not prohibit restaurants from charging different prices for items ordered through a third-party food delivery service. This bill would also update the reporting requirements regarding the fee caps, requiring the Department of Consumer and Worker Protection to report on the effect of the fee caps and the number of violations issued under this subchapter. Not available Not available Int 0762-2024 * Rafael Salamanca, Jr.  Proposed Int. No. 762-B Establishing exemptions for third-party food delivery services from the limits on fees charged by such services on food service establishments. Introduction The current cap on fees that a third-party delivery service may charge a restaurant for the use of their service is 15% for delivery, 3% for credit card processing, and 5% for any other fees – these percentages are calculated per order. This bill would allow third-party delivery services to charge a restaurant an additional 20% for enhanced services. It would only permit the use of the enhanced service fee, however, if the delivery service offers the option to purchase a basic service at a cost no higher than the current fee limits, and if such basic service includes the option to obtain delivery services and be listed and discoverable on the third-party platform. This bill would require third-party delivery services to notify restaurants that have an existing agreement with such service about the new services offered, the caps on fees, and any changes that would be made to the service fees. It would also require third-party delivery services to prepare monthly transaction statements that include an itemized list of fees charged to restaurants. This bill would also restrict third-party food delivery services from purchasing the name of a restaurant for purposes of internet advertising. This bill would allow restaurants to include marketing materials in orders made through third-party food delivery services, and it would not prohibit restaurants from charging different prices for items ordered through a third-party food delivery service. This bill would also update the reporting requirements regarding the fee caps, requiring the Department of Consumer and Worker Protection to report on the effect of the fee caps and the number of violations issued under this subchapter.   Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1302717&GUID=0354C81A-F27F-4330-9567-3C0667D53C9D ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov#2025-04-24 ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## List View List View List View List View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Search: Search:  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive)  select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive) notes closed captions notes closed captions  *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. Help 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 845 records 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 City Council Stated Meeting 9/25/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 9/18/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 8/14/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 7/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/30/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 6/26/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Cooling centers. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/11/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/29/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Public Safety. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Safety Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/28/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Immigration 5/27/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Immigration Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Criminal Justice and the Committee on Immigration. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Criminal Justice 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Criminal Justice Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Health Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Hospitals Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Education. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Children and Youth Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on General Welfare. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on General Welfare 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - General Welfare Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 5/15/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Higher Education and the Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Higher Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Housing 5/14/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Housing Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Housing and Buildings and the Committee on Public Housing. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Housing and Buildings Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/13/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Parks and Recreation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Transportation and Infrastructure Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Parks and Recreation and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Aging 5/12/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Aging Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management and the Committee on Aging. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/6/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/1/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Establishing exemptions for third-party food delivery services from the limits on fees charged by such services on food service establishments. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Wildfire mitigation strategic planning report to mitigate wildfires in parks under the jurisdiction of the department of parks and recreation. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/1/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/1/2025   9:00 AM 9:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the department of education to report on school librarians and library access in New York city public schools. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/30/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Land Use 4/30/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Contracts 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Contracts Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Public Meeting Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 4/29/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Oversight - Removing Small Financial Barriers for CUNY Students. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Technology 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Veterans 4/28/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 4/24/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* New York City health care institutions to contract with industrial laundry companies that respect workers’ legal rights and adhere to area standards for wages and benefits. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Economic Development 4/24/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/24/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Veterans 4/23/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/23/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Land Use 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/17/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Women and Gender Equity. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil Service and Labor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Criminal Justice 4/16/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Aging 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with the Committee on Finance. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Immigration 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Immigration Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Housing 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Security Guards, Fire Guards, and NYCHA’s Oversight of Contractors. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video City Council Stated Meeting 4/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Technology 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the 311 customer service center to provide certain resources in response to tree pruning-related requests. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Fire and Emergency Management 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Flash flood preparedness outreach and evacuation guidance. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Long-term citywide bathroom strategy and to make other technical changes. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/10/2025   10:45 AM 10:45 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor VOTE* Prioritization of maintenance of trees adjacent to buildings and structures. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Safety 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/10/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/10/2025   9:30 AM 9:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video  previous day next day today Calendar Title and navigation Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << April 2025 S M T W T F S 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 April 2025   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30           Day Day Week Week Month Timeline Timeline Apr, 2025 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1302749&GUID=2D2F826D-449A-4F9D-86BF-2D9F4982BE65 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1290716&GUID=03D77173-367E-48CB-9079-9A70FF3B66F4&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Meeting Name: Committee on Criminal Justice Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 4/16/2025 12:00 PM Minutes status: Final Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Minutes Meeting video: Video Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (15) 15 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available T2025-3316 * Oversight - Examining Recommendations from the Independent Rikers Commission's Blueprint to Close Rikers. Oversight Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available T2025-3316 * Oversight - Examining Recommendations from the Independent Rikers Commission's Blueprint to Close Rikers. Oversight Filed, by Committee Action details Not available Int 1100-2024 * Carlina Rivera Supportive housing eligibility for justice involved persons. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Social Services to include single adults or adult families and families with children where the head of household has a severe mental illness, substance use disorder, or both, is homeless or at risk of homelessness, and has had justice system involvement in the last 12 months to any eligibility parameters for any existing supportive housing program administered and wholly funded by the city. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 1100-2024 * Carlina Rivera Supportive housing eligibility for justice involved persons. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Social Services to include single adults or adult families and families with children where the head of household has a severe mental illness, substance use disorder, or both, is homeless or at risk of homelessness, and has had justice system involvement in the last 12 months to any eligibility parameters for any existing supportive housing program administered and wholly funded by the city. Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Int 1238-2025 * Jennifer Gutiérrez Provision of technology and support for people in custody with a pending criminal proceeding to securely receive and review evidence. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Correction (DOC) to ensure all persons in custody with a pending criminal proceeding have the technology and support necessary to securely receive and review case evidence via a department-issued tablet or through access provided in the law library. The bill also requires the Board of Correction to produce a report which evaluates the department of correction’s ability to provide technological access to evidence review. The report will include recommendations for improvement and the department of correction must subsequently responde and indicate if it intends to adopt those recommendations. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 1238-2025 * Jennifer Gutiérrez Provision of technology and support for people in custody with a pending criminal proceeding to securely receive and review evidence. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Correction (DOC) to ensure all persons in custody with a pending criminal proceeding have the technology and support necessary to securely receive and review case evidence via a department-issued tablet or through access provided in the law library. The bill also requires the Board of Correction to produce a report which evaluates the department of correction’s ability to provide technological access to evidence review. The report will include recommendations for improvement and the department of correction must subsequently responde and indicate if it intends to adopt those recommendations. Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Int 1240-2025 * Rita C. Joseph Establishment of a holistic needs assessment program. Introduction This bill would require the Mayor’s Office of Criminal Justice (MOCJ) to establish a holistic needs assessment program. Pursuant to the program, MOCJ will, upon consent, compete an asssement to identify mental health, physical health, substance abuse, intellectual disabilities, domestic violence and abuse history, history of trauma, emotional dysregulation, and other psychosocial conditions or circumstances at the time of a person’s arrest. This assessment will be provided to a person’s criminal defense attorney within 14 days of supreme court arraignment so that it may be used to inform charging, detention, release, or plea agreement decisions. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 1240-2025 * Rita C. Joseph Establishment of a holistic needs assessment program. Introduction This bill would require the Mayor’s Office of Criminal Justice (MOCJ) to establish a holistic needs assessment program. Pursuant to the program, MOCJ will, upon consent, compete an asssement to identify mental health, physical health, substance abuse, intellectual disabilities, domestic violence and abuse history, history of trauma, emotional dysregulation, and other psychosocial conditions or circumstances at the time of a person’s arrest. This assessment will be provided to a person’s criminal defense attorney within 14 days of supreme court arraignment so that it may be used to inform charging, detention, release, or plea agreement decisions. Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Int 1241-2025 * Sandy Nurse Department of correction early release 6A program. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Correction to conduct a study to determine any inefficiencies in the early release program established in accordance with Article 6A of the New York State Correction Law that permits sentenced individuals to be released from jail and serve the remainder of their sentence at home, under supervision. As part of the study, the Department of Correction would be required to develop recommendations for how to address those inefficiencies and expand the program to its fullest potential. It would also require the Department of Correction to produce a quarterly report on use of the early release (6A) program including the number of individuals who were considered for the program, accepted into the program and released, and rejected for the program. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 1241-2025 * Sandy Nurse Department of correction early release 6A program. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Correction to conduct a study to determine any inefficiencies in the early release program established in accordance with Article 6A of the New York State Correction Law that permits sentenced individuals to be released from jail and serve the remainder of their sentence at home, under supervision. As part of the study, the Department of Correction would be required to develop recommendations for how to address those inefficiencies and expand the program to its fullest potential. It would also require the Department of Correction to produce a quarterly report on use of the early release (6A) program including the number of individuals who were considered for the program, accepted into the program and released, and rejected for the program. Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Int 1242-2025 * Sandy Nurse Establishing a coordinator for Rikers Island closure and a coordinator for borough-based jail transition. Introduction This bill would require the establishment of an Office of Coordinator for Rikers Island Closure with a full-time coordinator and dedicated staff that reports directly to the Mayor. This new office will be responsible for coordinating actions and policies by agencies with a role in the closure of Rikers Island, including those with duties related to jail population reduction, design and construction of the borough-based jails, design and construction of outposted therapeutic housing units, correctional workforce development, training, and operations, and planning for the future use of Rikers Island for environmental sustainability and resiliency purposes.  In addition, this bill also requires the establishment of Coordinator for Borough-Based Jail Transition within the department of correction. Among other things, that position will be responsible for advising and assisting the commissioner and developing a strategic plan with recommended reforms to staff recruitment, training, supervision, assignments, scheduling, operations, and organizational culture that can be implemented in order to improve conditions for current jail staff and people in custody and facilitate a successful transition and improve safety for jail staff and people in custody at the borough-based jails and outposted therapeutic housing units. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 1242-2025 * Sandy Nurse Establishing a coordinator for Rikers Island closure and a coordinator for borough-based jail transition. Introduction This bill would require the establishment of an Office of Coordinator for Rikers Island Closure with a full-time coordinator and dedicated staff that reports directly to the Mayor. This new office will be responsible for coordinating actions and policies by agencies with a role in the closure of Rikers Island, including those with duties related to jail population reduction, design and construction of the borough-based jails, design and construction of outposted therapeutic housing units, correctional workforce development, training, and operations, and planning for the future use of Rikers Island for environmental sustainability and resiliency purposes.  In addition, this bill also requires the establishment of Coordinator for Borough-Based Jail Transition within the department of correction. Among other things, that position will be responsible for advising and assisting the commissioner and developing a strategic plan with recommended reforms to staff recruitment, training, supervision, assignments, scheduling, operations, and organizational culture that can be implemented in order to improve conditions for current jail staff and people in custody and facilitate a successful transition and improve safety for jail staff and people in custody at the borough-based jails and outposted therapeutic housing units. Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Res 0371-2024 * Crystal Hudson Providing money upon release for certain incarcerated individuals (S6643A/A9115). Resolution Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Res 0371-2024 * Crystal Hudson Providing money upon release for certain incarcerated individuals (S6643A/A9115). Resolution Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Criminal Justice Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/16/2025 12:00 PM 4/16/2025 12:00 PM Minutes status: Minutes status: Final Final  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Council Chambers - City Hall Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Minutes  Meeting video: Meeting video: Video Video  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (15) Meeting Items (15) Meeting Items (15) Meeting Items (15) 15 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 15 records 15 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available T2025-3316 * Oversight - Examining Recommendations from the Independent Rikers Commission's Blueprint to Close Rikers. Oversight Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available T2025-3316 * Oversight - Examining Recommendations from the Independent Rikers Commission's Blueprint to Close Rikers. Oversight Filed, by Committee Action details Not available Int 1100-2024 * Carlina Rivera Supportive housing eligibility for justice involved persons. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Social Services to include single adults or adult families and families with children where the head of household has a severe mental illness, substance use disorder, or both, is homeless or at risk of homelessness, and has had justice system involvement in the last 12 months to any eligibility parameters for any existing supportive housing program administered and wholly funded by the city. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 1100-2024 * Carlina Rivera Supportive housing eligibility for justice involved persons. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Social Services to include single adults or adult families and families with children where the head of household has a severe mental illness, substance use disorder, or both, is homeless or at risk of homelessness, and has had justice system involvement in the last 12 months to any eligibility parameters for any existing supportive housing program administered and wholly funded by the city. Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Int 1238-2025 * Jennifer Gutiérrez Provision of technology and support for people in custody with a pending criminal proceeding to securely receive and review evidence. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Correction (DOC) to ensure all persons in custody with a pending criminal proceeding have the technology and support necessary to securely receive and review case evidence via a department-issued tablet or through access provided in the law library. The bill also requires the Board of Correction to produce a report which evaluates the department of correction’s ability to provide technological access to evidence review. The report will include recommendations for improvement and the department of correction must subsequently responde and indicate if it intends to adopt those recommendations. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 1238-2025 * Jennifer Gutiérrez Provision of technology and support for people in custody with a pending criminal proceeding to securely receive and review evidence. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Correction (DOC) to ensure all persons in custody with a pending criminal proceeding have the technology and support necessary to securely receive and review case evidence via a department-issued tablet or through access provided in the law library. The bill also requires the Board of Correction to produce a report which evaluates the department of correction’s ability to provide technological access to evidence review. The report will include recommendations for improvement and the department of correction must subsequently responde and indicate if it intends to adopt those recommendations. Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Int 1240-2025 * Rita C. Joseph Establishment of a holistic needs assessment program. Introduction This bill would require the Mayor’s Office of Criminal Justice (MOCJ) to establish a holistic needs assessment program. Pursuant to the program, MOCJ will, upon consent, compete an asssement to identify mental health, physical health, substance abuse, intellectual disabilities, domestic violence and abuse history, history of trauma, emotional dysregulation, and other psychosocial conditions or circumstances at the time of a person’s arrest. This assessment will be provided to a person’s criminal defense attorney within 14 days of supreme court arraignment so that it may be used to inform charging, detention, release, or plea agreement decisions. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 1240-2025 * Rita C. Joseph Establishment of a holistic needs assessment program. Introduction This bill would require the Mayor’s Office of Criminal Justice (MOCJ) to establish a holistic needs assessment program. Pursuant to the program, MOCJ will, upon consent, compete an asssement to identify mental health, physical health, substance abuse, intellectual disabilities, domestic violence and abuse history, history of trauma, emotional dysregulation, and other psychosocial conditions or circumstances at the time of a person’s arrest. This assessment will be provided to a person’s criminal defense attorney within 14 days of supreme court arraignment so that it may be used to inform charging, detention, release, or plea agreement decisions. Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Int 1241-2025 * Sandy Nurse Department of correction early release 6A program. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Correction to conduct a study to determine any inefficiencies in the early release program established in accordance with Article 6A of the New York State Correction Law that permits sentenced individuals to be released from jail and serve the remainder of their sentence at home, under supervision. As part of the study, the Department of Correction would be required to develop recommendations for how to address those inefficiencies and expand the program to its fullest potential. It would also require the Department of Correction to produce a quarterly report on use of the early release (6A) program including the number of individuals who were considered for the program, accepted into the program and released, and rejected for the program. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 1241-2025 * Sandy Nurse Department of correction early release 6A program. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Correction to conduct a study to determine any inefficiencies in the early release program established in accordance with Article 6A of the New York State Correction Law that permits sentenced individuals to be released from jail and serve the remainder of their sentence at home, under supervision. As part of the study, the Department of Correction would be required to develop recommendations for how to address those inefficiencies and expand the program to its fullest potential. It would also require the Department of Correction to produce a quarterly report on use of the early release (6A) program including the number of individuals who were considered for the program, accepted into the program and released, and rejected for the program. Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Int 1242-2025 * Sandy Nurse Establishing a coordinator for Rikers Island closure and a coordinator for borough-based jail transition. Introduction This bill would require the establishment of an Office of Coordinator for Rikers Island Closure with a full-time coordinator and dedicated staff that reports directly to the Mayor. This new office will be responsible for coordinating actions and policies by agencies with a role in the closure of Rikers Island, including those with duties related to jail population reduction, design and construction of the borough-based jails, design and construction of outposted therapeutic housing units, correctional workforce development, training, and operations, and planning for the future use of Rikers Island for environmental sustainability and resiliency purposes.  In addition, this bill also requires the establishment of Coordinator for Borough-Based Jail Transition within the department of correction. Among other things, that position will be responsible for advising and assisting the commissioner and developing a strategic plan with recommended reforms to staff recruitment, training, supervision, assignments, scheduling, operations, and organizational culture that can be implemented in order to improve conditions for current jail staff and people in custody and facilitate a successful transition and improve safety for jail staff and people in custody at the borough-based jails and outposted therapeutic housing units. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 1242-2025 * Sandy Nurse Establishing a coordinator for Rikers Island closure and a coordinator for borough-based jail transition. Introduction This bill would require the establishment of an Office of Coordinator for Rikers Island Closure with a full-time coordinator and dedicated staff that reports directly to the Mayor. This new office will be responsible for coordinating actions and policies by agencies with a role in the closure of Rikers Island, including those with duties related to jail population reduction, design and construction of the borough-based jails, design and construction of outposted therapeutic housing units, correctional workforce development, training, and operations, and planning for the future use of Rikers Island for environmental sustainability and resiliency purposes.  In addition, this bill also requires the establishment of Coordinator for Borough-Based Jail Transition within the department of correction. Among other things, that position will be responsible for advising and assisting the commissioner and developing a strategic plan with recommended reforms to staff recruitment, training, supervision, assignments, scheduling, operations, and organizational culture that can be implemented in order to improve conditions for current jail staff and people in custody and facilitate a successful transition and improve safety for jail staff and people in custody at the borough-based jails and outposted therapeutic housing units. Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Res 0371-2024 * Crystal Hudson Providing money upon release for certain incarcerated individuals (S6643A/A9115). Resolution Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Res 0371-2024 * Crystal Hudson Providing money upon release for certain incarcerated individuals (S6643A/A9115). Resolution Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available           Roll call Not available Not available T2025-3316 *    Oversight - Examining Recommendations from the Independent Rikers Commission's Blueprint to Close Rikers. Oversight  Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available T2025-3316 *    Oversight - Examining Recommendations from the Independent Rikers Commission's Blueprint to Close Rikers. Oversight  Filed, by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 1100-2024 * Carlina Rivera   Supportive housing eligibility for justice involved persons. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Social Services to include single adults or adult families and families with children where the head of household has a severe mental illness, substance use disorder, or both, is homeless or at risk of homelessness, and has had justice system involvement in the last 12 months to any eligibility parameters for any existing supportive housing program administered and wholly funded by the city. Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 1100-2024 * Carlina Rivera   Supportive housing eligibility for justice involved persons. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Social Services to include single adults or adult families and families with children where the head of household has a severe mental illness, substance use disorder, or both, is homeless or at risk of homelessness, and has had justice system involvement in the last 12 months to any eligibility parameters for any existing supportive housing program administered and wholly funded by the city. Laid Over by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 1238-2025 * Jennifer Gutiérrez   Provision of technology and support for people in custody with a pending criminal proceeding to securely receive and review evidence. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Correction (DOC) to ensure all persons in custody with a pending criminal proceeding have the technology and support necessary to securely receive and review case evidence via a department-issued tablet or through access provided in the law library. The bill also requires the Board of Correction to produce a report which evaluates the department of correction’s ability to provide technological access to evidence review. The report will include recommendations for improvement and the department of correction must subsequently responde and indicate if it intends to adopt those recommendations. Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 1238-2025 * Jennifer Gutiérrez   Provision of technology and support for people in custody with a pending criminal proceeding to securely receive and review evidence. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Correction (DOC) to ensure all persons in custody with a pending criminal proceeding have the technology and support necessary to securely receive and review case evidence via a department-issued tablet or through access provided in the law library. The bill also requires the Board of Correction to produce a report which evaluates the department of correction’s ability to provide technological access to evidence review. The report will include recommendations for improvement and the department of correction must subsequently responde and indicate if it intends to adopt those recommendations. Laid Over by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 1240-2025 * Rita C. Joseph   Establishment of a holistic needs assessment program. Introduction This bill would require the Mayor’s Office of Criminal Justice (MOCJ) to establish a holistic needs assessment program. Pursuant to the program, MOCJ will, upon consent, compete an asssement to identify mental health, physical health, substance abuse, intellectual disabilities, domestic violence and abuse history, history of trauma, emotional dysregulation, and other psychosocial conditions or circumstances at the time of a person’s arrest. This assessment will be provided to a person’s criminal defense attorney within 14 days of supreme court arraignment so that it may be used to inform charging, detention, release, or plea agreement decisions. Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 1240-2025 * Rita C. Joseph   Establishment of a holistic needs assessment program. Introduction This bill would require the Mayor’s Office of Criminal Justice (MOCJ) to establish a holistic needs assessment program. Pursuant to the program, MOCJ will, upon consent, compete an asssement to identify mental health, physical health, substance abuse, intellectual disabilities, domestic violence and abuse history, history of trauma, emotional dysregulation, and other psychosocial conditions or circumstances at the time of a person’s arrest. This assessment will be provided to a person’s criminal defense attorney within 14 days of supreme court arraignment so that it may be used to inform charging, detention, release, or plea agreement decisions. Laid Over by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 1241-2025 * Sandy Nurse   Department of correction early release 6A program. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Correction to conduct a study to determine any inefficiencies in the early release program established in accordance with Article 6A of the New York State Correction Law that permits sentenced individuals to be released from jail and serve the remainder of their sentence at home, under supervision. As part of the study, the Department of Correction would be required to develop recommendations for how to address those inefficiencies and expand the program to its fullest potential. It would also require the Department of Correction to produce a quarterly report on use of the early release (6A) program including the number of individuals who were considered for the program, accepted into the program and released, and rejected for the program. Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 1241-2025 * Sandy Nurse   Department of correction early release 6A program. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Correction to conduct a study to determine any inefficiencies in the early release program established in accordance with Article 6A of the New York State Correction Law that permits sentenced individuals to be released from jail and serve the remainder of their sentence at home, under supervision. As part of the study, the Department of Correction would be required to develop recommendations for how to address those inefficiencies and expand the program to its fullest potential. It would also require the Department of Correction to produce a quarterly report on use of the early release (6A) program including the number of individuals who were considered for the program, accepted into the program and released, and rejected for the program. Laid Over by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 1242-2025 * Sandy Nurse   Establishing a coordinator for Rikers Island closure and a coordinator for borough-based jail transition. Introduction This bill would require the establishment of an Office of Coordinator for Rikers Island Closure with a full-time coordinator and dedicated staff that reports directly to the Mayor. This new office will be responsible for coordinating actions and policies by agencies with a role in the closure of Rikers Island, including those with duties related to jail population reduction, design and construction of the borough-based jails, design and construction of outposted therapeutic housing units, correctional workforce development, training, and operations, and planning for the future use of Rikers Island for environmental sustainability and resiliency purposes.  In addition, this bill also requires the establishment of Coordinator for Borough-Based Jail Transition within the department of correction. Among other things, that position will be responsible for advising and assisting the commissioner and developing a strategic plan with recommended reforms to staff recruitment, training, supervision, assignments, scheduling, operations, and organizational culture that can be implemented in order to improve conditions for current jail staff and people in custody and facilitate a successful transition and improve safety for jail staff and people in custody at the borough-based jails and outposted therapeutic housing units. Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 1242-2025 * Sandy Nurse   Establishing a coordinator for Rikers Island closure and a coordinator for borough-based jail transition. Introduction This bill would require the establishment of an Office of Coordinator for Rikers Island Closure with a full-time coordinator and dedicated staff that reports directly to the Mayor. This new office will be responsible for coordinating actions and policies by agencies with a role in the closure of Rikers Island, including those with duties related to jail population reduction, design and construction of the borough-based jails, design and construction of outposted therapeutic housing units, correctional workforce development, training, and operations, and planning for the future use of Rikers Island for environmental sustainability and resiliency purposes.  In addition, this bill also requires the establishment of Coordinator for Borough-Based Jail Transition within the department of correction. Among other things, that position will be responsible for advising and assisting the commissioner and developing a strategic plan with recommended reforms to staff recruitment, training, supervision, assignments, scheduling, operations, and organizational culture that can be implemented in order to improve conditions for current jail staff and people in custody and facilitate a successful transition and improve safety for jail staff and people in custody at the borough-based jails and outposted therapeutic housing units. Laid Over by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Res 0371-2024 * Crystal Hudson   Providing money upon release for certain incarcerated individuals (S6643A/A9115). Resolution  Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Res 0371-2024 * Crystal Hudson   Providing money upon release for certain incarcerated individuals (S6643A/A9115). Resolution  Laid Over by Committee  Action details Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1302718&GUID=D88A685A-C991-4A2E-BE15-ECD8D1F4AE85 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1302685&GUID=1FD966DB-5A2C-4E5E-AD92-DB1E11CE0804&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Finance Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 5/29/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Public Safety. Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3446 * Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Oversight Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Finance Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 5/29/2025 10:00 AM 5/29/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Public Safety. Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Public Safety. Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 1 record 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3446 * Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Oversight Not available Not available T2025-3446 *    Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Oversight    Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1294277&GUID=A53C46A3-0FFE-4B77-9E2E-0EEB2A57BB3D ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1302719&GUID=40EE1E41-3559-4C79-BBE3-A103747A760F ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov#2025-04-01 ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## List View List View List View List View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Search: Search:  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive)  select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive) notes closed captions notes closed captions  *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. Help 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 845 records 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 City Council Stated Meeting 9/25/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 9/18/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 8/14/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 7/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/30/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 6/26/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Cooling centers. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/11/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/29/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Public Safety. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Safety Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/28/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Immigration 5/27/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Immigration Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Criminal Justice and the Committee on Immigration. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Criminal Justice 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Criminal Justice Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Health Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Hospitals Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Education. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Children and Youth Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on General Welfare. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on General Welfare 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - General Welfare Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 5/15/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Higher Education and the Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Higher Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Housing 5/14/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Housing Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Housing and Buildings and the Committee on Public Housing. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Housing and Buildings Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/13/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Parks and Recreation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Transportation and Infrastructure Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Parks and Recreation and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Aging 5/12/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Aging Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management and the Committee on Aging. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/6/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/1/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Establishing exemptions for third-party food delivery services from the limits on fees charged by such services on food service establishments. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Wildfire mitigation strategic planning report to mitigate wildfires in parks under the jurisdiction of the department of parks and recreation. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/1/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/1/2025   9:00 AM 9:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the department of education to report on school librarians and library access in New York city public schools. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/30/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Land Use 4/30/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Contracts 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Contracts Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Public Meeting Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 4/29/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Oversight - Removing Small Financial Barriers for CUNY Students. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Technology 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Veterans 4/28/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 4/24/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* New York City health care institutions to contract with industrial laundry companies that respect workers’ legal rights and adhere to area standards for wages and benefits. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Economic Development 4/24/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/24/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Veterans 4/23/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/23/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Land Use 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/17/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Women and Gender Equity. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil Service and Labor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Criminal Justice 4/16/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Aging 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with the Committee on Finance. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Immigration 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Immigration Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Housing 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Security Guards, Fire Guards, and NYCHA’s Oversight of Contractors. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video City Council Stated Meeting 4/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Technology 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the 311 customer service center to provide certain resources in response to tree pruning-related requests. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Fire and Emergency Management 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Flash flood preparedness outreach and evacuation guidance. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Long-term citywide bathroom strategy and to make other technical changes. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/10/2025   10:45 AM 10:45 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor VOTE* Prioritization of maintenance of trees adjacent to buildings and structures. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Safety 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/10/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/10/2025   9:30 AM 9:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video  previous day next day today Calendar Title and navigation Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << April 2025 S M T W T F S 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 April 2025   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30           Day Day Week Week Month Timeline Timeline Apr, 2025 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1294265&GUID=ED58A730-ADF0-4C20-B11A-B3C37B64E4D3 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1302686&GUID=F540F15B-5373-4035-8D9C-7568F9889D7F ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1303211&GUID=53F875DE-6C89-4793-A020-41698FD94400&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Parks and Recreation Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 5/1/2025 11:30 AM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Int 1185-2025 * Shekar Krishnan Proposed Int. No. 1185-A Wildfire mitigation strategic planning report to mitigate wildfires in parks under the jurisdiction of the department of parks and recreation. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR), in consultation with other appropriate City agencies, to develop a plan to mitigate the occurrences of wildfires in parks by March 1, 2026. The plan would have to be posted on DPR’s website and updated regularly. This bill would also require DPR to report annually on wildfires that occur in parks under its jurisdiction. Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Parks and Recreation Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 5/1/2025 11:30 AM 5/1/2025 11:30 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 1 record 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Int 1185-2025 * Shekar Krishnan Proposed Int. No. 1185-A Wildfire mitigation strategic planning report to mitigate wildfires in parks under the jurisdiction of the department of parks and recreation. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR), in consultation with other appropriate City agencies, to develop a plan to mitigate the occurrences of wildfires in parks by March 1, 2026. The plan would have to be posted on DPR’s website and updated regularly. This bill would also require DPR to report annually on wildfires that occur in parks under its jurisdiction. Not available Not available Int 1185-2025 * Shekar Krishnan  Proposed Int. No. 1185-A Wildfire mitigation strategic planning report to mitigate wildfires in parks under the jurisdiction of the department of parks and recreation. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR), in consultation with other appropriate City agencies, to develop a plan to mitigate the occurrences of wildfires in parks by March 1, 2026. The plan would have to be posted on DPR’s website and updated regularly. This bill would also require DPR to report annually on wildfires that occur in parks under its jurisdiction.   Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1288980&GUID=9DFFEFE2-FAA9-4FC1-B0A5-991308AFE410 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1289775&GUID=E7F28123-8397-4D85-AF29-1B08B5588131&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Meeting Name: Committee on Parks and Recreation Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 4/23/2025 1:00 PM Minutes status: Final Meeting location: Committee Room - City Hall Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Minutes Meeting video: Video Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (9) 9 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available T2025-3289 * Oversight - Improving Recreational Access to Athletic Fields and Playgrounds. Oversight Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available T2025-3289 * Oversight - Improving Recreational Access to Athletic Fields and Playgrounds. Oversight Filed, by Committee Action details Not available Int 0566-2024 * Gale A. Brewer Annual plan to expand access to school playgrounds. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR) to consult with the Department of Education (DOE) to create and submit to the Mayor and the Speaker of the Council an annual plan to expand public access to school playgrounds. The plan would need to prioritize playgrounds that are located in environmental justice areas and include, for the upcoming year, a list of at least 25 school playgrounds that could be maintained and operated by DPR and DOE and used by the public on weekends and after school hours, a list of the duties of DPR and DOE in relation to increasing the number of playgrounds available to the public, the estimated budget required, and any challenges with implementing the plan. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0566-2024 * Gale A. Brewer Annual plan to expand access to school playgrounds. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR) to consult with the Department of Education (DOE) to create and submit to the Mayor and the Speaker of the Council an annual plan to expand public access to school playgrounds. The plan would need to prioritize playgrounds that are located in environmental justice areas and include, for the upcoming year, a list of at least 25 school playgrounds that could be maintained and operated by DPR and DOE and used by the public on weekends and after school hours, a list of the duties of DPR and DOE in relation to increasing the number of playgrounds available to the public, the estimated budget required, and any challenges with implementing the plan. Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Int 0573-2024 * Gale A. Brewer Increasing the number of drinking fountains adjacent to public parks and greenstreets. Introduction This bill would require a regular evaluation of the need for drinking fountains on locations under the jurisdiction of the Department of Parks and Recreation that are adjacent to non-park land. The bill also requires the installation of a certain number of additional drinking fountains. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0573-2024 * Gale A. Brewer Increasing the number of drinking fountains adjacent to public parks and greenstreets. Introduction This bill would require a regular evaluation of the need for drinking fountains on locations under the jurisdiction of the Department of Parks and Recreation that are adjacent to non-park land. The bill also requires the installation of a certain number of additional drinking fountains. Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Int 0643-2024 * Kevin C. Riley Plan to identify and facilitate the use of indoor facilities for basketball games. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR), in coordination with the Department of Education (DOE), to create a plan that would identify and facilitate the use of indoor basketball courts and gyms for organized basketball leagues to use when weather would not permit use of outdoor basketball courts. The plan would need to address how DPR will facilitate the use of indoor basketball courts and gyms that are maintained or operated by the city, how DPR will coordinate with other relevant agencies to facilitate the use of indoor basketball courts and gyms, and ways to identify private indoor basketball courts and gyms that are available for use by basketball leagues. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0643-2024 * Kevin C. Riley Plan to identify and facilitate the use of indoor facilities for basketball games. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR), in coordination with the Department of Education (DOE), to create a plan that would identify and facilitate the use of indoor basketball courts and gyms for organized basketball leagues to use when weather would not permit use of outdoor basketball courts. The plan would need to address how DPR will facilitate the use of indoor basketball courts and gyms that are maintained or operated by the city, how DPR will coordinate with other relevant agencies to facilitate the use of indoor basketball courts and gyms, and ways to identify private indoor basketball courts and gyms that are available for use by basketball leagues. Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Parks and Recreation Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/23/2025 1:00 PM 4/23/2025 1:00 PM Minutes status: Minutes status: Final Final  Meeting location: Meeting location: Committee Room - City Hall Committee Room - City Hall Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Minutes  Meeting video: Meeting video: Video Video  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (9) Meeting Items (9) Meeting Items (9) Meeting Items (9) 9 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 9 records 9 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available T2025-3289 * Oversight - Improving Recreational Access to Athletic Fields and Playgrounds. Oversight Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available T2025-3289 * Oversight - Improving Recreational Access to Athletic Fields and Playgrounds. Oversight Filed, by Committee Action details Not available Int 0566-2024 * Gale A. Brewer Annual plan to expand access to school playgrounds. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR) to consult with the Department of Education (DOE) to create and submit to the Mayor and the Speaker of the Council an annual plan to expand public access to school playgrounds. The plan would need to prioritize playgrounds that are located in environmental justice areas and include, for the upcoming year, a list of at least 25 school playgrounds that could be maintained and operated by DPR and DOE and used by the public on weekends and after school hours, a list of the duties of DPR and DOE in relation to increasing the number of playgrounds available to the public, the estimated budget required, and any challenges with implementing the plan. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0566-2024 * Gale A. Brewer Annual plan to expand access to school playgrounds. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR) to consult with the Department of Education (DOE) to create and submit to the Mayor and the Speaker of the Council an annual plan to expand public access to school playgrounds. The plan would need to prioritize playgrounds that are located in environmental justice areas and include, for the upcoming year, a list of at least 25 school playgrounds that could be maintained and operated by DPR and DOE and used by the public on weekends and after school hours, a list of the duties of DPR and DOE in relation to increasing the number of playgrounds available to the public, the estimated budget required, and any challenges with implementing the plan. Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Int 0573-2024 * Gale A. Brewer Increasing the number of drinking fountains adjacent to public parks and greenstreets. Introduction This bill would require a regular evaluation of the need for drinking fountains on locations under the jurisdiction of the Department of Parks and Recreation that are adjacent to non-park land. The bill also requires the installation of a certain number of additional drinking fountains. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0573-2024 * Gale A. Brewer Increasing the number of drinking fountains adjacent to public parks and greenstreets. Introduction This bill would require a regular evaluation of the need for drinking fountains on locations under the jurisdiction of the Department of Parks and Recreation that are adjacent to non-park land. The bill also requires the installation of a certain number of additional drinking fountains. Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Int 0643-2024 * Kevin C. Riley Plan to identify and facilitate the use of indoor facilities for basketball games. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR), in coordination with the Department of Education (DOE), to create a plan that would identify and facilitate the use of indoor basketball courts and gyms for organized basketball leagues to use when weather would not permit use of outdoor basketball courts. The plan would need to address how DPR will facilitate the use of indoor basketball courts and gyms that are maintained or operated by the city, how DPR will coordinate with other relevant agencies to facilitate the use of indoor basketball courts and gyms, and ways to identify private indoor basketball courts and gyms that are available for use by basketball leagues. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0643-2024 * Kevin C. Riley Plan to identify and facilitate the use of indoor facilities for basketball games. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR), in coordination with the Department of Education (DOE), to create a plan that would identify and facilitate the use of indoor basketball courts and gyms for organized basketball leagues to use when weather would not permit use of outdoor basketball courts. The plan would need to address how DPR will facilitate the use of indoor basketball courts and gyms that are maintained or operated by the city, how DPR will coordinate with other relevant agencies to facilitate the use of indoor basketball courts and gyms, and ways to identify private indoor basketball courts and gyms that are available for use by basketball leagues. Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available           Roll call Not available Not available T2025-3289 *    Oversight - Improving Recreational Access to Athletic Fields and Playgrounds. Oversight  Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available T2025-3289 *    Oversight - Improving Recreational Access to Athletic Fields and Playgrounds. Oversight  Filed, by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0566-2024 * Gale A. Brewer   Annual plan to expand access to school playgrounds. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR) to consult with the Department of Education (DOE) to create and submit to the Mayor and the Speaker of the Council an annual plan to expand public access to school playgrounds. The plan would need to prioritize playgrounds that are located in environmental justice areas and include, for the upcoming year, a list of at least 25 school playgrounds that could be maintained and operated by DPR and DOE and used by the public on weekends and after school hours, a list of the duties of DPR and DOE in relation to increasing the number of playgrounds available to the public, the estimated budget required, and any challenges with implementing the plan. Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0566-2024 * Gale A. Brewer   Annual plan to expand access to school playgrounds. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR) to consult with the Department of Education (DOE) to create and submit to the Mayor and the Speaker of the Council an annual plan to expand public access to school playgrounds. The plan would need to prioritize playgrounds that are located in environmental justice areas and include, for the upcoming year, a list of at least 25 school playgrounds that could be maintained and operated by DPR and DOE and used by the public on weekends and after school hours, a list of the duties of DPR and DOE in relation to increasing the number of playgrounds available to the public, the estimated budget required, and any challenges with implementing the plan. Laid Over by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0573-2024 * Gale A. Brewer   Increasing the number of drinking fountains adjacent to public parks and greenstreets. Introduction This bill would require a regular evaluation of the need for drinking fountains on locations under the jurisdiction of the Department of Parks and Recreation that are adjacent to non-park land. The bill also requires the installation of a certain number of additional drinking fountains. Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0573-2024 * Gale A. Brewer   Increasing the number of drinking fountains adjacent to public parks and greenstreets. Introduction This bill would require a regular evaluation of the need for drinking fountains on locations under the jurisdiction of the Department of Parks and Recreation that are adjacent to non-park land. The bill also requires the installation of a certain number of additional drinking fountains. Laid Over by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0643-2024 * Kevin C. Riley   Plan to identify and facilitate the use of indoor facilities for basketball games. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR), in coordination with the Department of Education (DOE), to create a plan that would identify and facilitate the use of indoor basketball courts and gyms for organized basketball leagues to use when weather would not permit use of outdoor basketball courts. The plan would need to address how DPR will facilitate the use of indoor basketball courts and gyms that are maintained or operated by the city, how DPR will coordinate with other relevant agencies to facilitate the use of indoor basketball courts and gyms, and ways to identify private indoor basketball courts and gyms that are available for use by basketball leagues. Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0643-2024 * Kevin C. Riley   Plan to identify and facilitate the use of indoor facilities for basketball games. Introduction This bill would require the Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR), in coordination with the Department of Education (DOE), to create a plan that would identify and facilitate the use of indoor basketball courts and gyms for organized basketball leagues to use when weather would not permit use of outdoor basketball courts. The plan would need to address how DPR will facilitate the use of indoor basketball courts and gyms that are maintained or operated by the city, how DPR will coordinate with other relevant agencies to facilitate the use of indoor basketball courts and gyms, and ways to identify private indoor basketball courts and gyms that are available for use by basketball leagues. Laid Over by Committee  Action details Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1294370&GUID=A9828DA5-B463-479D-A78B-0D6E593E4392 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1302735&GUID=B901243C-B158-42F9-8310-A152B69BBE31&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Finance Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 5/14/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Housing and Buildings and the Committee on Public Housing. Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3470 * Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Oversight Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Finance Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 5/14/2025 10:00 AM 5/14/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Housing and Buildings and the Committee on Public Housing. Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Housing and Buildings and the Committee on Public Housing. Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 1 record 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3470 * Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Oversight Not available Not available T2025-3470 *    Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Oversight    Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1288606&GUID=F217390F-C2B8-4778-81A5-1DC49BFD5D57 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1302696&GUID=F66BB1CD-D7B5-4192-BD5C-AEA127B927D3 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1302542&GUID=46EA0E6B-BBEB-4CBE-B792-6E7DADC28AA5&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Meeting Name: Committee on Economic Development Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 4/24/2025 10:30 AM Minutes status: Final Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Minutes Meeting video: Video Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (25) 25 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available Int 0026-2024 * Amanda Farías Proposed Int. No. 26-A Regulating helicopter operations at city owned heliports to reduce noise. Introduction This bill would prohibit non-essential helicopter flights that do not meet certain federal noise standards from taking off or landing at city-run heliports. The bill would also require that prior to the ban taking effect, the Council and the Mayor receive reports on the percentage of helicopter flights landing and leaving city-run heliports that do not meet such noise standards. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0026-2024 * Amanda Farías Regulating helicopter operations at city owned heliports to reduce noise. Introduction This bill would prohibit non-essential helicopter flights that do not meet certain federal noise standards from taking off or landing at city-run heliports. The bill would also require that prior to the ban taking effect, the Council and the Mayor receive reports on the percentage of helicopter flights landing and leaving city-run heliports that do not meet such noise standards. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 0026-2024 * Amanda Farías Regulating helicopter operations at city owned heliports to reduce noise. Introduction This bill would prohibit non-essential helicopter flights that do not meet certain federal noise standards from taking off or landing at city-run heliports. The bill would also require that prior to the ban taking effect, the Council and the Mayor receive reports on the percentage of helicopter flights landing and leaving city-run heliports that do not meet such noise standards. Amended by Committee Action details Not available Int 0026-2024 A Amanda Farías Regulating helicopter operations at city owned heliports to reduce noise. Introduction This bill would prohibit non-essential helicopter flights that do not meet certain federal noise standards from taking off or landing at city-run heliports. The bill would also require that prior to the ban taking effect, the Council and the Mayor receive reports on the percentage of helicopter flights landing and leaving city-run heliports that do not meet such noise standards. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Int 0860-2024 * Alexa Avilés Proposed Int. No. 860-A Requiring a contracted entity to publish an annual report concerning community hiring. Introduction This bill would establish an annual community hiring report that shall be submitted to the Council and the Mayor and posted on the New York City Economic Development Corporation’s website. Such report would include: performance metrics for goals established for community hiring programs and a performance assessment reflecting the prior fiscal year; and a description of best efforts by lessees, developers or other parties to transactions covered by a community hiring program when there is a failure to meet such hiring goals. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0860-2024 * Alexa Avilés Requiring a contracted entity to publish an annual report concerning community hiring. Introduction This bill would establish an annual community hiring report that shall be submitted to the Council and the Mayor and posted on the New York City Economic Development Corporation’s website. Such report would include: performance metrics for goals established for community hiring programs and a performance assessment reflecting the prior fiscal year; and a description of best efforts by lessees, developers or other parties to transactions covered by a community hiring program when there is a failure to meet such hiring goals. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 0860-2024 * Alexa Avilés Requiring a contracted entity to publish an annual report concerning community hiring. Introduction This bill would establish an annual community hiring report that shall be submitted to the Council and the Mayor and posted on the New York City Economic Development Corporation’s website. Such report would include: performance metrics for goals established for community hiring programs and a performance assessment reflecting the prior fiscal year; and a description of best efforts by lessees, developers or other parties to transactions covered by a community hiring program when there is a failure to meet such hiring goals. Amended by Committee Action details Not available Int 0860-2024 A Alexa Avilés Requiring a contracted entity to publish an annual report concerning community hiring. Introduction This bill would establish an annual community hiring report that shall be submitted to the Council and the Mayor and posted on the New York City Economic Development Corporation’s website. Such report would include: performance metrics for goals established for community hiring programs and a performance assessment reflecting the prior fiscal year; and a description of best efforts by lessees, developers or other parties to transactions covered by a community hiring program when there is a failure to meet such hiring goals. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Int 0861-2024 * Alexa Avilés Proposed Int. No. 861-A Requiring an annual report by a contracted entity to include information about agreements to provide community benefits. Introduction This bill would alter the terms of the contract between the city and the New York Economic Development Corporation (“EDC”) by requiring EDC to include in its annual report certain details regarding any commitments by a person or organization to provide community benefits to residents of a neighborhood effected by an EDC project. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0861-2024 * Alexa Avilés Requiring an annual report by a contracted entity to include information about agreements to provide community benefits. Introduction This bill would alter the terms of the contract between the city and the New York Economic Development Corporation (“EDC”) by requiring EDC to include in its annual report certain details regarding any commitments by a person or organization to provide community benefits to residents of a neighborhood effected by an EDC project. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 0861-2024 * Alexa Avilés Requiring an annual report by a contracted entity to include information about agreements to provide community benefits. Introduction This bill would alter the terms of the contract between the city and the New York Economic Development Corporation (“EDC”) by requiring EDC to include in its annual report certain details regarding any commitments by a person or organization to provide community benefits to residents of a neighborhood effected by an EDC project. Amended by Committee Action details Not available Int 0861-2024 A Alexa Avilés Requiring an annual report by a contracted entity to include information about agreements to provide community benefits. Introduction This bill would alter the terms of the contract between the city and the New York Economic Development Corporation (“EDC”) by requiring EDC to include in its annual report certain details regarding any commitments by a person or organization to provide community benefits to residents of a neighborhood effected by an EDC project. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Res 0085-2024 * James F. Gennaro Proposed Res. No. 85-A Establish a noise tax on non-essential helicopter and seaplane flights in cities with a population of one million or more (A.2583). Resolution Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Res 0085-2024 * James F. Gennaro Establish a noise tax on non-essential helicopter and seaplane flights in cities with a population of one million or more (A.2583). Resolution Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Res 0085-2024 * James F. Gennaro Establish a noise tax on non-essential helicopter and seaplane flights in cities with a population of one million or more (A.2583). Resolution Amended by Committee Action details Not available Res 0085-2024 A James F. Gennaro Establish a noise tax on non-essential helicopter and seaplane flights in cities with a population of one million or more (A.2583). Resolution Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Res 0226-2024 * Gale A. Brewer Proposed Res. No. 226-A Prohibit certain non-essential flight operations at municipal heliports and Hudson River Park (A.6311/S.7381). Resolution Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Res 0226-2024 * Gale A. Brewer Prohibit certain non-essential flight operations at municipal heliports and Hudson River Park (A.6311/S.7381). Resolution Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Res 0226-2024 * Gale A. Brewer Prohibit certain non-essential flight operations at municipal heliports and Hudson River Park (A.6311/S.7381). Resolution Amended by Committee Action details Not available Res 0226-2024 A Gale A. Brewer Prohibit certain non-essential flight operations at municipal heliports and Hudson River Park (A.6311/S.7381). Resolution Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Res 0233-2024 * Gale A. Brewer Proposed Res. No. 233-A United States Federal Aviation Administration to ban all non-essential helicopter travel, including tourist and chartered helicopter flights over NYC. Resolution Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Res 0233-2024 * Gale A. Brewer United States Federal Aviation Administration to ban all non-essential helicopter travel, including tourist and chartered helicopter flights over NYC. Resolution Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Res 0233-2024 * Gale A. Brewer United States Federal Aviation Administration to ban all non-essential helicopter travel, including tourist and chartered helicopter flights over NYC. Resolution Amended by Committee Action details Not available Res 0233-2024 A Gale A. Brewer United States Federal Aviation Administration to ban all non-essential helicopter travel, including tourist and chartered helicopter flights over NYC. Resolution Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Economic Development Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/24/2025 10:30 AM 4/24/2025 10:30 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Final Final  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Minutes  Meeting video: Meeting video: Video Video  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (25) Meeting Items (25) Meeting Items (25) Meeting Items (25) 25 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 25 records 25 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available Int 0026-2024 * Amanda Farías Proposed Int. No. 26-A Regulating helicopter operations at city owned heliports to reduce noise. Introduction This bill would prohibit non-essential helicopter flights that do not meet certain federal noise standards from taking off or landing at city-run heliports. The bill would also require that prior to the ban taking effect, the Council and the Mayor receive reports on the percentage of helicopter flights landing and leaving city-run heliports that do not meet such noise standards. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0026-2024 * Amanda Farías Regulating helicopter operations at city owned heliports to reduce noise. Introduction This bill would prohibit non-essential helicopter flights that do not meet certain federal noise standards from taking off or landing at city-run heliports. The bill would also require that prior to the ban taking effect, the Council and the Mayor receive reports on the percentage of helicopter flights landing and leaving city-run heliports that do not meet such noise standards. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 0026-2024 * Amanda Farías Regulating helicopter operations at city owned heliports to reduce noise. Introduction This bill would prohibit non-essential helicopter flights that do not meet certain federal noise standards from taking off or landing at city-run heliports. The bill would also require that prior to the ban taking effect, the Council and the Mayor receive reports on the percentage of helicopter flights landing and leaving city-run heliports that do not meet such noise standards. Amended by Committee Action details Not available Int 0026-2024 A Amanda Farías Regulating helicopter operations at city owned heliports to reduce noise. Introduction This bill would prohibit non-essential helicopter flights that do not meet certain federal noise standards from taking off or landing at city-run heliports. The bill would also require that prior to the ban taking effect, the Council and the Mayor receive reports on the percentage of helicopter flights landing and leaving city-run heliports that do not meet such noise standards. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Int 0860-2024 * Alexa Avilés Proposed Int. No. 860-A Requiring a contracted entity to publish an annual report concerning community hiring. Introduction This bill would establish an annual community hiring report that shall be submitted to the Council and the Mayor and posted on the New York City Economic Development Corporation’s website. Such report would include: performance metrics for goals established for community hiring programs and a performance assessment reflecting the prior fiscal year; and a description of best efforts by lessees, developers or other parties to transactions covered by a community hiring program when there is a failure to meet such hiring goals. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0860-2024 * Alexa Avilés Requiring a contracted entity to publish an annual report concerning community hiring. Introduction This bill would establish an annual community hiring report that shall be submitted to the Council and the Mayor and posted on the New York City Economic Development Corporation’s website. Such report would include: performance metrics for goals established for community hiring programs and a performance assessment reflecting the prior fiscal year; and a description of best efforts by lessees, developers or other parties to transactions covered by a community hiring program when there is a failure to meet such hiring goals. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 0860-2024 * Alexa Avilés Requiring a contracted entity to publish an annual report concerning community hiring. Introduction This bill would establish an annual community hiring report that shall be submitted to the Council and the Mayor and posted on the New York City Economic Development Corporation’s website. Such report would include: performance metrics for goals established for community hiring programs and a performance assessment reflecting the prior fiscal year; and a description of best efforts by lessees, developers or other parties to transactions covered by a community hiring program when there is a failure to meet such hiring goals. Amended by Committee Action details Not available Int 0860-2024 A Alexa Avilés Requiring a contracted entity to publish an annual report concerning community hiring. Introduction This bill would establish an annual community hiring report that shall be submitted to the Council and the Mayor and posted on the New York City Economic Development Corporation’s website. Such report would include: performance metrics for goals established for community hiring programs and a performance assessment reflecting the prior fiscal year; and a description of best efforts by lessees, developers or other parties to transactions covered by a community hiring program when there is a failure to meet such hiring goals. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Int 0861-2024 * Alexa Avilés Proposed Int. No. 861-A Requiring an annual report by a contracted entity to include information about agreements to provide community benefits. Introduction This bill would alter the terms of the contract between the city and the New York Economic Development Corporation (“EDC”) by requiring EDC to include in its annual report certain details regarding any commitments by a person or organization to provide community benefits to residents of a neighborhood effected by an EDC project. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0861-2024 * Alexa Avilés Requiring an annual report by a contracted entity to include information about agreements to provide community benefits. Introduction This bill would alter the terms of the contract between the city and the New York Economic Development Corporation (“EDC”) by requiring EDC to include in its annual report certain details regarding any commitments by a person or organization to provide community benefits to residents of a neighborhood effected by an EDC project. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 0861-2024 * Alexa Avilés Requiring an annual report by a contracted entity to include information about agreements to provide community benefits. Introduction This bill would alter the terms of the contract between the city and the New York Economic Development Corporation (“EDC”) by requiring EDC to include in its annual report certain details regarding any commitments by a person or organization to provide community benefits to residents of a neighborhood effected by an EDC project. Amended by Committee Action details Not available Int 0861-2024 A Alexa Avilés Requiring an annual report by a contracted entity to include information about agreements to provide community benefits. Introduction This bill would alter the terms of the contract between the city and the New York Economic Development Corporation (“EDC”) by requiring EDC to include in its annual report certain details regarding any commitments by a person or organization to provide community benefits to residents of a neighborhood effected by an EDC project. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Res 0085-2024 * James F. Gennaro Proposed Res. No. 85-A Establish a noise tax on non-essential helicopter and seaplane flights in cities with a population of one million or more (A.2583). Resolution Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Res 0085-2024 * James F. Gennaro Establish a noise tax on non-essential helicopter and seaplane flights in cities with a population of one million or more (A.2583). Resolution Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Res 0085-2024 * James F. Gennaro Establish a noise tax on non-essential helicopter and seaplane flights in cities with a population of one million or more (A.2583). Resolution Amended by Committee Action details Not available Res 0085-2024 A James F. Gennaro Establish a noise tax on non-essential helicopter and seaplane flights in cities with a population of one million or more (A.2583). Resolution Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Res 0226-2024 * Gale A. Brewer Proposed Res. No. 226-A Prohibit certain non-essential flight operations at municipal heliports and Hudson River Park (A.6311/S.7381). Resolution Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Res 0226-2024 * Gale A. Brewer Prohibit certain non-essential flight operations at municipal heliports and Hudson River Park (A.6311/S.7381). Resolution Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Res 0226-2024 * Gale A. Brewer Prohibit certain non-essential flight operations at municipal heliports and Hudson River Park (A.6311/S.7381). Resolution Amended by Committee Action details Not available Res 0226-2024 A Gale A. Brewer Prohibit certain non-essential flight operations at municipal heliports and Hudson River Park (A.6311/S.7381). Resolution Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Res 0233-2024 * Gale A. Brewer Proposed Res. No. 233-A United States Federal Aviation Administration to ban all non-essential helicopter travel, including tourist and chartered helicopter flights over NYC. Resolution Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Res 0233-2024 * Gale A. Brewer United States Federal Aviation Administration to ban all non-essential helicopter travel, including tourist and chartered helicopter flights over NYC. Resolution Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Res 0233-2024 * Gale A. Brewer United States Federal Aviation Administration to ban all non-essential helicopter travel, including tourist and chartered helicopter flights over NYC. Resolution Amended by Committee Action details Not available Res 0233-2024 A Gale A. Brewer United States Federal Aviation Administration to ban all non-essential helicopter travel, including tourist and chartered helicopter flights over NYC. Resolution Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available           Roll call Not available Not available Int 0026-2024 * Amanda Farías  Proposed Int. No. 26-A Regulating helicopter operations at city owned heliports to reduce noise. Introduction This bill would prohibit non-essential helicopter flights that do not meet certain federal noise standards from taking off or landing at city-run heliports. The bill would also require that prior to the ban taking effect, the Council and the Mayor receive reports on the percentage of helicopter flights landing and leaving city-run heliports that do not meet such noise standards. Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0026-2024 * Amanda Farías   Regulating helicopter operations at city owned heliports to reduce noise. Introduction This bill would prohibit non-essential helicopter flights that do not meet certain federal noise standards from taking off or landing at city-run heliports. The bill would also require that prior to the ban taking effect, the Council and the Mayor receive reports on the percentage of helicopter flights landing and leaving city-run heliports that do not meet such noise standards. Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Not available Not available Int 0026-2024 * Amanda Farías   Regulating helicopter operations at city owned heliports to reduce noise. Introduction This bill would prohibit non-essential helicopter flights that do not meet certain federal noise standards from taking off or landing at city-run heliports. The bill would also require that prior to the ban taking effect, the Council and the Mayor receive reports on the percentage of helicopter flights landing and leaving city-run heliports that do not meet such noise standards. Amended by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0026-2024 A Amanda Farías   Regulating helicopter operations at city owned heliports to reduce noise. Introduction This bill would prohibit non-essential helicopter flights that do not meet certain federal noise standards from taking off or landing at city-run heliports. The bill would also require that prior to the ban taking effect, the Council and the Mayor receive reports on the percentage of helicopter flights landing and leaving city-run heliports that do not meet such noise standards. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Not available Int 0860-2024 * Alexa Avilés  Proposed Int. No. 860-A Requiring a contracted entity to publish an annual report concerning community hiring. Introduction This bill would establish an annual community hiring report that shall be submitted to the Council and the Mayor and posted on the New York City Economic Development Corporation’s website. Such report would include: performance metrics for goals established for community hiring programs and a performance assessment reflecting the prior fiscal year; and a description of best efforts by lessees, developers or other parties to transactions covered by a community hiring program when there is a failure to meet such hiring goals. Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0860-2024 * Alexa Avilés   Requiring a contracted entity to publish an annual report concerning community hiring. Introduction This bill would establish an annual community hiring report that shall be submitted to the Council and the Mayor and posted on the New York City Economic Development Corporation’s website. Such report would include: performance metrics for goals established for community hiring programs and a performance assessment reflecting the prior fiscal year; and a description of best efforts by lessees, developers or other parties to transactions covered by a community hiring program when there is a failure to meet such hiring goals. Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Not available Not available Int 0860-2024 * Alexa Avilés   Requiring a contracted entity to publish an annual report concerning community hiring. Introduction This bill would establish an annual community hiring report that shall be submitted to the Council and the Mayor and posted on the New York City Economic Development Corporation’s website. Such report would include: performance metrics for goals established for community hiring programs and a performance assessment reflecting the prior fiscal year; and a description of best efforts by lessees, developers or other parties to transactions covered by a community hiring program when there is a failure to meet such hiring goals. Amended by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0860-2024 A Alexa Avilés   Requiring a contracted entity to publish an annual report concerning community hiring. Introduction This bill would establish an annual community hiring report that shall be submitted to the Council and the Mayor and posted on the New York City Economic Development Corporation’s website. Such report would include: performance metrics for goals established for community hiring programs and a performance assessment reflecting the prior fiscal year; and a description of best efforts by lessees, developers or other parties to transactions covered by a community hiring program when there is a failure to meet such hiring goals. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Not available Int 0861-2024 * Alexa Avilés  Proposed Int. No. 861-A Requiring an annual report by a contracted entity to include information about agreements to provide community benefits. Introduction This bill would alter the terms of the contract between the city and the New York Economic Development Corporation (“EDC”) by requiring EDC to include in its annual report certain details regarding any commitments by a person or organization to provide community benefits to residents of a neighborhood effected by an EDC project. Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0861-2024 * Alexa Avilés   Requiring an annual report by a contracted entity to include information about agreements to provide community benefits. Introduction This bill would alter the terms of the contract between the city and the New York Economic Development Corporation (“EDC”) by requiring EDC to include in its annual report certain details regarding any commitments by a person or organization to provide community benefits to residents of a neighborhood effected by an EDC project. Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Not available Not available Int 0861-2024 * Alexa Avilés   Requiring an annual report by a contracted entity to include information about agreements to provide community benefits. Introduction This bill would alter the terms of the contract between the city and the New York Economic Development Corporation (“EDC”) by requiring EDC to include in its annual report certain details regarding any commitments by a person or organization to provide community benefits to residents of a neighborhood effected by an EDC project. Amended by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0861-2024 A Alexa Avilés   Requiring an annual report by a contracted entity to include information about agreements to provide community benefits. Introduction This bill would alter the terms of the contract between the city and the New York Economic Development Corporation (“EDC”) by requiring EDC to include in its annual report certain details regarding any commitments by a person or organization to provide community benefits to residents of a neighborhood effected by an EDC project. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Not available Res 0085-2024 * James F. Gennaro  Proposed Res. No. 85-A Establish a noise tax on non-essential helicopter and seaplane flights in cities with a population of one million or more (A.2583). Resolution  Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Res 0085-2024 * James F. Gennaro   Establish a noise tax on non-essential helicopter and seaplane flights in cities with a population of one million or more (A.2583). Resolution  Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Not available Not available Res 0085-2024 * James F. Gennaro   Establish a noise tax on non-essential helicopter and seaplane flights in cities with a population of one million or more (A.2583). Resolution  Amended by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Res 0085-2024 A James F. Gennaro   Establish a noise tax on non-essential helicopter and seaplane flights in cities with a population of one million or more (A.2583). Resolution  Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Not available Res 0226-2024 * Gale A. Brewer  Proposed Res. No. 226-A Prohibit certain non-essential flight operations at municipal heliports and Hudson River Park (A.6311/S.7381). Resolution  Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Res 0226-2024 * Gale A. Brewer   Prohibit certain non-essential flight operations at municipal heliports and Hudson River Park (A.6311/S.7381). Resolution  Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Not available Not available Res 0226-2024 * Gale A. Brewer   Prohibit certain non-essential flight operations at municipal heliports and Hudson River Park (A.6311/S.7381). Resolution  Amended by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Res 0226-2024 A Gale A. Brewer   Prohibit certain non-essential flight operations at municipal heliports and Hudson River Park (A.6311/S.7381). Resolution  Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Not available Res 0233-2024 * Gale A. Brewer  Proposed Res. No. 233-A United States Federal Aviation Administration to ban all non-essential helicopter travel, including tourist and chartered helicopter flights over NYC. Resolution  Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Res 0233-2024 * Gale A. Brewer   United States Federal Aviation Administration to ban all non-essential helicopter travel, including tourist and chartered helicopter flights over NYC. Resolution  Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Not available Not available Res 0233-2024 * Gale A. Brewer   United States Federal Aviation Administration to ban all non-essential helicopter travel, including tourist and chartered helicopter flights over NYC. Resolution  Amended by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Res 0233-2024 A Gale A. Brewer   United States Federal Aviation Administration to ban all non-essential helicopter travel, including tourist and chartered helicopter flights over NYC. Resolution  Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1294065&GUID=EC6AF847-795D-4372-8DC5-94A5E3BE8A85 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1293231&GUID=0FA6CE22-BC62-4DC6-9D97-F3E936D01B6C ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1288606&GUID=F217390F-C2B8-4778-81A5-1DC49BFD5D57&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: City Council Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 5/28/2025 1:30 PM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: City Council Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 5/28/2025 1:30 PM 5/28/2025 1:30 PM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Council Chambers - City Hall Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments:   Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 1 record 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Not available Not available           Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1293224&GUID=97324AE1-C215-4083-9B90-3504365F52D7 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=M&ID=1294398&GUID=025ED5E7-8223-49B7-B9A9-089285A7D76D ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov#2025-05-01 ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## List View List View List View List View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Search: Search:  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive)  select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive) notes closed captions notes closed captions  *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. Help 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 845 records 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 City Council Stated Meeting 9/25/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 9/18/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 8/14/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 7/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/30/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 6/26/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Cooling centers. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/11/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/29/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Public Safety. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Safety Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/28/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Immigration 5/27/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Immigration Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Criminal Justice and the Committee on Immigration. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Criminal Justice 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Criminal Justice Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Health Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Hospitals Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Education. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Children and Youth Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on General Welfare. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on General Welfare 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - General Welfare Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 5/15/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Higher Education and the Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Higher Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Housing 5/14/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Housing Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Housing and Buildings and the Committee on Public Housing. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Housing and Buildings Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/13/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Parks and Recreation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Transportation and Infrastructure Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Parks and Recreation and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Aging 5/12/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Aging Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management and the Committee on Aging. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/6/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/1/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Establishing exemptions for third-party food delivery services from the limits on fees charged by such services on food service establishments. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Wildfire mitigation strategic planning report to mitigate wildfires in parks under the jurisdiction of the department of parks and recreation. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/1/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/1/2025   9:00 AM 9:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the department of education to report on school librarians and library access in New York city public schools. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/30/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Land Use 4/30/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Contracts 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Contracts Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Public Meeting Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 4/29/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Oversight - Removing Small Financial Barriers for CUNY Students. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Technology 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Veterans 4/28/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 4/24/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* New York City health care institutions to contract with industrial laundry companies that respect workers’ legal rights and adhere to area standards for wages and benefits. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Economic Development 4/24/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/24/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Veterans 4/23/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/23/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Land Use 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/17/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Women and Gender Equity. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil Service and Labor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Criminal Justice 4/16/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Aging 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with the Committee on Finance. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Immigration 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Immigration Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Housing 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Security Guards, Fire Guards, and NYCHA’s Oversight of Contractors. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video City Council Stated Meeting 4/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Technology 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the 311 customer service center to provide certain resources in response to tree pruning-related requests. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Fire and Emergency Management 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Flash flood preparedness outreach and evacuation guidance. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Long-term citywide bathroom strategy and to make other technical changes. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/10/2025   10:45 AM 10:45 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor VOTE* Prioritization of maintenance of trees adjacent to buildings and structures. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Safety 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/10/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/10/2025   9:30 AM 9:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video  previous day next day today Calendar Title and navigation Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << April 2025 S M T W T F S 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 April 2025   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30           Day Day Week Week Month Timeline Timeline Apr, 2025 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1282454&GUID=E7B73950-D266-4C33-85C8-7DF672F0BAA7 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=M&ID=1290716&GUID=03D77173-367E-48CB-9079-9A70FF3B66F4 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1302685&GUID=1FD966DB-5A2C-4E5E-AD92-DB1E11CE0804 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1302714&GUID=384BCF0D-6906-41FD-963B-6B30218ECA7E ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=M&ID=1294262&GUID=0CC16764-030D-4D96-97A8-6894909A5B7E ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1294277&GUID=A53C46A3-0FFE-4B77-9E2E-0EEB2A57BB3D ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1302735&GUID=B901243C-B158-42F9-8310-A152B69BBE31 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/SignIn.aspx?ReturnUrl=TXlBY2NvdW50LmFzcHg%3d ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees Sign In Please sign in to your existing account to take advantage of various personalization features. You can use either your user name or e-mail to sign in. Sign In Please sign in to your existing account to take advantage of various personalization features. You can use either your user name or e-mail to sign in. Existing Account? User name or e-mail: * Password: * Please type at least 3 characters. Remember me on this computer Reset Password No Account? Sign Up User name or e-mail: User name or e-mail: * * Password: Password: * Please type at least 3 characters. * Please type at least 3 characters.  Remember me on this computer Remember me on this computer     Reset Password  Sign Up

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1283805&GUID=19AA12C1-995E-47D4-98B9-01DC3F1803A8 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1302722&GUID=8F15FC3F-D63E-4D03-9C69-3FA3D9436B33 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## List View List View List View List View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Search: Search:  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive)  select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive) notes closed captions notes closed captions  *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. Help 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 845 records 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 City Council Stated Meeting 9/25/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 9/18/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 8/14/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 7/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/30/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 6/26/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Cooling centers. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/11/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/29/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Public Safety. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Safety Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/28/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Immigration 5/27/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Immigration Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Criminal Justice and the Committee on Immigration. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Criminal Justice 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Criminal Justice Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Health Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Hospitals Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Education. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Children and Youth Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on General Welfare. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on General Welfare 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - General Welfare Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 5/15/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Higher Education and the Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Higher Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Housing 5/14/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Housing Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Housing and Buildings and the Committee on Public Housing. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Housing and Buildings Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/13/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Parks and Recreation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Transportation and Infrastructure Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Parks and Recreation and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Aging 5/12/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Aging Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management and the Committee on Aging. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/6/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/1/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Establishing exemptions for third-party food delivery services from the limits on fees charged by such services on food service establishments. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Wildfire mitigation strategic planning report to mitigate wildfires in parks under the jurisdiction of the department of parks and recreation. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/1/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/1/2025   9:00 AM 9:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the department of education to report on school librarians and library access in New York city public schools. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/30/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Land Use 4/30/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Contracts 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Contracts Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Public Meeting Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 4/29/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Oversight - Removing Small Financial Barriers for CUNY Students. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Technology 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Veterans 4/28/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 4/24/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* New York City health care institutions to contract with industrial laundry companies that respect workers’ legal rights and adhere to area standards for wages and benefits. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Economic Development 4/24/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/24/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Veterans 4/23/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/23/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Land Use 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/17/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Women and Gender Equity. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil Service and Labor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Criminal Justice 4/16/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Aging 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with the Committee on Finance. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Immigration 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Immigration Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Housing 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Security Guards, Fire Guards, and NYCHA’s Oversight of Contractors. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video City Council Stated Meeting 4/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Technology 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the 311 customer service center to provide certain resources in response to tree pruning-related requests. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Fire and Emergency Management 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Flash flood preparedness outreach and evacuation guidance. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Long-term citywide bathroom strategy and to make other technical changes. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/10/2025   10:45 AM 10:45 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor VOTE* Prioritization of maintenance of trees adjacent to buildings and structures. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Safety 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/10/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/10/2025   9:30 AM 9:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video  previous day next day today Calendar Title and navigation Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << April 2025 S M T W T F S 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 April 2025   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30           Day Day Week Week Month Timeline Timeline Apr, 2025 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1277289&GUID=4C5F9E1B-E91F-4060-9B22-13C7E75D5915 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1293662&GUID=509335A0-ADE5-48F1-9F8D-45ABBE450E02 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1302355&GUID=ACF09643-49E2-4AD9-8EC5-76D8B60A7AB0 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov#2025-04-28 ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## List View List View List View List View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Search: Search:  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive)  select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive) notes closed captions notes closed captions  *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. Help 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 845 records 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 City Council Stated Meeting 9/25/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 9/18/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 8/14/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 7/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/30/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 6/26/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Cooling centers. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/11/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/29/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Public Safety. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Safety Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/28/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Immigration 5/27/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Immigration Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Criminal Justice and the Committee on Immigration. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Criminal Justice 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Criminal Justice Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Health Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Hospitals Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Education. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Children and Youth Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on General Welfare. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on General Welfare 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - General Welfare Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 5/15/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Higher Education and the Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Higher Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Housing 5/14/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Housing Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Housing and Buildings and the Committee on Public Housing. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Housing and Buildings Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/13/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Parks and Recreation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Transportation and Infrastructure Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Parks and Recreation and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Aging 5/12/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Aging Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management and the Committee on Aging. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/6/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/1/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Establishing exemptions for third-party food delivery services from the limits on fees charged by such services on food service establishments. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Wildfire mitigation strategic planning report to mitigate wildfires in parks under the jurisdiction of the department of parks and recreation. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/1/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/1/2025   9:00 AM 9:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the department of education to report on school librarians and library access in New York city public schools. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/30/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Land Use 4/30/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Contracts 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Contracts Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Public Meeting Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 4/29/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Oversight - Removing Small Financial Barriers for CUNY Students. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Technology 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Veterans 4/28/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 4/24/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* New York City health care institutions to contract with industrial laundry companies that respect workers’ legal rights and adhere to area standards for wages and benefits. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Economic Development 4/24/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/24/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Veterans 4/23/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/23/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Land Use 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/17/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Women and Gender Equity. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil Service and Labor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Criminal Justice 4/16/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Aging 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with the Committee on Finance. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Immigration 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Immigration Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Housing 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Security Guards, Fire Guards, and NYCHA’s Oversight of Contractors. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video City Council Stated Meeting 4/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Technology 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the 311 customer service center to provide certain resources in response to tree pruning-related requests. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Fire and Emergency Management 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Flash flood preparedness outreach and evacuation guidance. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Long-term citywide bathroom strategy and to make other technical changes. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/10/2025   10:45 AM 10:45 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor VOTE* Prioritization of maintenance of trees adjacent to buildings and structures. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Safety 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/10/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/10/2025   9:30 AM 9:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video  previous day next day today Calendar Title and navigation Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << April 2025 S M T W T F S 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 April 2025   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30           Day Day Week Week Month Timeline Timeline Apr, 2025 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1287870&GUID=F1D0ADDC-5DAB-4F25-83FF-CF72EE25A370&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Meeting Name: Committee on Civil Service and Labor Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 4/17/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Final Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Women and Gender Equity. Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Minutes Meeting video: Video Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (12) 12 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available T2025-3238 * Oversight - Equitable Representation in the City Workforce. Oversight Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available T2025-3238 * Oversight - Equitable Representation in the City Workforce. Oversight Filed, by Committee Action details Not available Int 0675-2024 * Carmen N. De La Rosa Establishment of a task force to study the gender pay disparity and economic self-sufficiency among the labor force in the city Introduction This bill would establish a task force to study the gender pay disparity and economic self-sufficiency among the labor force in the city and to make recommendations on how to decrease the gender pay disparity and increase economic self-sufficiency. The task force would be required to submit a report to the Mayor and the Council one year after the first meeting of the task force. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0675-2024 * Carmen N. De La Rosa Establishment of a task force to study the gender pay disparity and economic self-sufficiency among the labor force in the city Introduction This bill would establish a task force to study the gender pay disparity and economic self-sufficiency among the labor force in the city and to make recommendations on how to decrease the gender pay disparity and increase economic self-sufficiency. The task force would be required to submit a report to the Mayor and the Council one year after the first meeting of the task force. Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Res 0066-2024 * Tiffany Cabán Expressing solidarity with unionization drives across New York City’s workforce and affirming the right to have union elections free from anti-democratic union-busting practices. Resolution Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Res 0066-2024 * Tiffany Cabán Expressing solidarity with unionization drives across New York City’s workforce and affirming the right to have union elections free from anti-democratic union-busting practices. Resolution Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Res 0109-2024 * Crystal Hudson New York City Teleworking Expansion Act (A.1435). Resolution Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Res 0109-2024 * Crystal Hudson New York City Teleworking Expansion Act (A.1435). Resolution Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Res 0368-2024 * Shahana K. Hanif Living Wage for Musicians Act. Resolution Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Res 0368-2024 * Shahana K. Hanif Living Wage for Musicians Act. Resolution Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Not available Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Civil Service and Labor Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/17/2025 10:00 AM 4/17/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Final Final  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Women and Gender Equity. Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Women and Gender Equity. Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Minutes  Meeting video: Meeting video: Video Video  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (12) Meeting Items (12) Meeting Items (12) Meeting Items (12) 12 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 12 records 12 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available T2025-3238 * Oversight - Equitable Representation in the City Workforce. Oversight Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available T2025-3238 * Oversight - Equitable Representation in the City Workforce. Oversight Filed, by Committee Action details Not available Int 0675-2024 * Carmen N. De La Rosa Establishment of a task force to study the gender pay disparity and economic self-sufficiency among the labor force in the city Introduction This bill would establish a task force to study the gender pay disparity and economic self-sufficiency among the labor force in the city and to make recommendations on how to decrease the gender pay disparity and increase economic self-sufficiency. The task force would be required to submit a report to the Mayor and the Council one year after the first meeting of the task force. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0675-2024 * Carmen N. De La Rosa Establishment of a task force to study the gender pay disparity and economic self-sufficiency among the labor force in the city Introduction This bill would establish a task force to study the gender pay disparity and economic self-sufficiency among the labor force in the city and to make recommendations on how to decrease the gender pay disparity and increase economic self-sufficiency. The task force would be required to submit a report to the Mayor and the Council one year after the first meeting of the task force. Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Res 0066-2024 * Tiffany Cabán Expressing solidarity with unionization drives across New York City’s workforce and affirming the right to have union elections free from anti-democratic union-busting practices. Resolution Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Res 0066-2024 * Tiffany Cabán Expressing solidarity with unionization drives across New York City’s workforce and affirming the right to have union elections free from anti-democratic union-busting practices. Resolution Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Res 0109-2024 * Crystal Hudson New York City Teleworking Expansion Act (A.1435). Resolution Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Res 0109-2024 * Crystal Hudson New York City Teleworking Expansion Act (A.1435). Resolution Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Res 0368-2024 * Shahana K. Hanif Living Wage for Musicians Act. Resolution Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Res 0368-2024 * Shahana K. Hanif Living Wage for Musicians Act. Resolution Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Not available           Roll call Not available Not available T2025-3238 *    Oversight - Equitable Representation in the City Workforce. Oversight  Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available T2025-3238 *    Oversight - Equitable Representation in the City Workforce. Oversight  Filed, by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0675-2024 * Carmen N. De La Rosa   Establishment of a task force to study the gender pay disparity and economic self-sufficiency among the labor force in the city Introduction This bill would establish a task force to study the gender pay disparity and economic self-sufficiency among the labor force in the city and to make recommendations on how to decrease the gender pay disparity and increase economic self-sufficiency. The task force would be required to submit a report to the Mayor and the Council one year after the first meeting of the task force. Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0675-2024 * Carmen N. De La Rosa   Establishment of a task force to study the gender pay disparity and economic self-sufficiency among the labor force in the city Introduction This bill would establish a task force to study the gender pay disparity and economic self-sufficiency among the labor force in the city and to make recommendations on how to decrease the gender pay disparity and increase economic self-sufficiency. The task force would be required to submit a report to the Mayor and the Council one year after the first meeting of the task force. Laid Over by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Res 0066-2024 * Tiffany Cabán   Expressing solidarity with unionization drives across New York City’s workforce and affirming the right to have union elections free from anti-democratic union-busting practices. Resolution  Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Res 0066-2024 * Tiffany Cabán   Expressing solidarity with unionization drives across New York City’s workforce and affirming the right to have union elections free from anti-democratic union-busting practices. Resolution  Laid Over by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Res 0109-2024 * Crystal Hudson   New York City Teleworking Expansion Act (A.1435). Resolution  Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Res 0109-2024 * Crystal Hudson   New York City Teleworking Expansion Act (A.1435). Resolution  Laid Over by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Res 0368-2024 * Shahana K. Hanif   Living Wage for Musicians Act. Resolution  Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Res 0368-2024 * Shahana K. Hanif   Living Wage for Musicians Act. Resolution  Laid Over by Committee  Action details Not available Not available            Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1302720&GUID=62B76B79-040E-48F6-925E-9B3581483BEE ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1297270&GUID=22B06D8E-8B6D-443C-89D2-47BB8FF6B821 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1302713&GUID=2BD9766B-8263-4925-B417-E25AC8C88864 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1297270&GUID=22B06D8E-8B6D-443C-89D2-47BB8FF6B821 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1290358&GUID=B9209161-9DD0-4F0D-A43A-9CCC7C9DD15B ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=M&ID=1302542&GUID=46EA0E6B-BBEB-4CBE-B792-6E7DADC28AA5 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1290357&GUID=4D370A75-CEE4-4B23-857C-8EF2C6ABB479 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1302712&GUID=CC754748-604D-45F0-AF3C-26E6E136AB50&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 5/23/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Finance Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3463 * Executive Budget Hearings - Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Oversight Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 5/23/2025 10:00 AM 5/23/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Finance Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Finance Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 1 record 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3463 * Executive Budget Hearings - Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Oversight Not available Not available T2025-3463 *    Executive Budget Hearings - Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Oversight    Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1302877&GUID=1057C13D-4B84-4FFC-B521-8D714731BA33&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 5/15/2025 12:00 PM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3475 * Executive Budget Hearings - Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Oversight Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 5/15/2025 12:00 PM 5/15/2025 12:00 PM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 1 record 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3475 * Executive Budget Hearings - Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Oversight Not available Not available T2025-3475 *    Executive Budget Hearings - Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Oversight    Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1294476&GUID=F7152D43-AF99-4B66-B23B-226F334DDF56 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1302690&GUID=CF4FFEA7-D0FD-41E8-A0F5-3CE3F610F971&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Finance Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 5/22/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3450 * Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Oversight Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Finance Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 5/22/2025 10:00 AM 5/22/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 1 record 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3450 * Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Oversight Not available Not available T2025-3450 *    Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Oversight    Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1303172&GUID=99772455-6FA9-439F-9CEA-E99BA6605FC4&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 5/1/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (2) 2 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Res 0741-2025 * Carlina Rivera Designating May 10 annually as Judith Jamison Day in the City of New York. Resolution Not available Not available Res 0844-2025 * Susan Zhuang Recognizing May 10 annually as Chinese American Railroad Workers Memorial Day in New York City. Resolution Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 5/1/2025 10:00 AM 5/1/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (2) Meeting Items (2) Meeting Items (2) Meeting Items (2) 2 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 2 records 2 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Res 0741-2025 * Carlina Rivera Designating May 10 annually as Judith Jamison Day in the City of New York. Resolution Not available Not available Res 0844-2025 * Susan Zhuang Recognizing May 10 annually as Chinese American Railroad Workers Memorial Day in New York City. Resolution Not available Not available Res 0741-2025 * Carlina Rivera   Designating May 10 annually as Judith Jamison Day in the City of New York. Resolution    Not available Not available Not available Res 0844-2025 * Susan Zhuang   Recognizing May 10 annually as Chinese American Railroad Workers Memorial Day in New York City. Resolution    Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1290364&GUID=4515D3E1-42F5-4AB9-A581-BC4FC59DB705&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: City Council Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 9/25/2025 1:30 PM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: City Council Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 9/25/2025 1:30 PM 9/25/2025 1:30 PM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Council Chambers - City Hall Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments:   Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 1 record 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Not available Not available           Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1290809&GUID=07994D74-9F28-414F-98CD-5DC27A1C0286 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov#2025-04-16 ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## List View List View List View List View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Search: Search:  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive)  select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive) notes closed captions notes closed captions  *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. Help 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 845 records 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 City Council Stated Meeting 9/25/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 9/18/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 8/14/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 7/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/30/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 6/26/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Cooling centers. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/11/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/29/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Public Safety. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Safety Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/28/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Immigration 5/27/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Immigration Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Criminal Justice and the Committee on Immigration. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Criminal Justice 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Criminal Justice Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Health Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Hospitals Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Education. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Children and Youth Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on General Welfare. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on General Welfare 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - General Welfare Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 5/15/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Higher Education and the Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Higher Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Housing 5/14/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Housing Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Housing and Buildings and the Committee on Public Housing. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Housing and Buildings Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/13/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Parks and Recreation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Transportation and Infrastructure Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Parks and Recreation and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Aging 5/12/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Aging Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management and the Committee on Aging. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/6/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/1/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Establishing exemptions for third-party food delivery services from the limits on fees charged by such services on food service establishments. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Wildfire mitigation strategic planning report to mitigate wildfires in parks under the jurisdiction of the department of parks and recreation. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/1/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/1/2025   9:00 AM 9:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the department of education to report on school librarians and library access in New York city public schools. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/30/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Land Use 4/30/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Contracts 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Contracts Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Public Meeting Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 4/29/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Oversight - Removing Small Financial Barriers for CUNY Students. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Technology 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Veterans 4/28/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 4/24/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* New York City health care institutions to contract with industrial laundry companies that respect workers’ legal rights and adhere to area standards for wages and benefits. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Economic Development 4/24/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/24/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Veterans 4/23/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/23/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Land Use 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/17/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Women and Gender Equity. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil Service and Labor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Criminal Justice 4/16/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Aging 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with the Committee on Finance. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Immigration 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Immigration Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Housing 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Security Guards, Fire Guards, and NYCHA’s Oversight of Contractors. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video City Council Stated Meeting 4/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Technology 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the 311 customer service center to provide certain resources in response to tree pruning-related requests. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Fire and Emergency Management 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Flash flood preparedness outreach and evacuation guidance. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Long-term citywide bathroom strategy and to make other technical changes. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/10/2025   10:45 AM 10:45 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor VOTE* Prioritization of maintenance of trees adjacent to buildings and structures. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Safety 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/10/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/10/2025   9:30 AM 9:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video  previous day next day today Calendar Title and navigation Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << April 2025 S M T W T F S 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 April 2025   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30           Day Day Week Week Month Timeline Timeline Apr, 2025 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1288263&GUID=B4B0EB6A-9429-4DA1-A3D0-8F3781B5A55D ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1293658&GUID=6C57CAF8-3121-4D34-BF62-13A432A6FD71 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1302714&GUID=384BCF0D-6906-41FD-963B-6B30218ECA7E&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 5/21/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3460 * Executive Budget Hearings - Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Oversight Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 5/21/2025 10:00 AM 5/21/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 1 record 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3460 * Executive Budget Hearings - Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Oversight Not available Not available T2025-3460 *    Executive Budget Hearings - Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Oversight    Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov#2025-04-23 ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## List View List View List View List View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Search: Search:  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive)  select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive) notes closed captions notes closed captions  *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. Help 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 845 records 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 City Council Stated Meeting 9/25/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 9/18/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 8/14/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 7/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/30/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 6/26/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Cooling centers. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/11/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/29/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Public Safety. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Safety Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/28/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Immigration 5/27/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Immigration Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Criminal Justice and the Committee on Immigration. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Criminal Justice 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Criminal Justice Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Health Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Hospitals Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Education. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Children and Youth Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on General Welfare. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on General Welfare 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - General Welfare Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 5/15/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Higher Education and the Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Higher Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Housing 5/14/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Housing Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Housing and Buildings and the Committee on Public Housing. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Housing and Buildings Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/13/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Parks and Recreation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Transportation and Infrastructure Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Parks and Recreation and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Aging 5/12/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Aging Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management and the Committee on Aging. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/6/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/1/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Establishing exemptions for third-party food delivery services from the limits on fees charged by such services on food service establishments. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Wildfire mitigation strategic planning report to mitigate wildfires in parks under the jurisdiction of the department of parks and recreation. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/1/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/1/2025   9:00 AM 9:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the department of education to report on school librarians and library access in New York city public schools. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/30/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Land Use 4/30/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Contracts 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Contracts Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Public Meeting Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 4/29/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Oversight - Removing Small Financial Barriers for CUNY Students. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Technology 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Veterans 4/28/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 4/24/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* New York City health care institutions to contract with industrial laundry companies that respect workers’ legal rights and adhere to area standards for wages and benefits. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Economic Development 4/24/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/24/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Veterans 4/23/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/23/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Land Use 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/17/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Women and Gender Equity. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil Service and Labor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Criminal Justice 4/16/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Aging 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with the Committee on Finance. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Immigration 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Immigration Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Housing 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Security Guards, Fire Guards, and NYCHA’s Oversight of Contractors. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video City Council Stated Meeting 4/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Technology 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the 311 customer service center to provide certain resources in response to tree pruning-related requests. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Fire and Emergency Management 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Flash flood preparedness outreach and evacuation guidance. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Long-term citywide bathroom strategy and to make other technical changes. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/10/2025   10:45 AM 10:45 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor VOTE* Prioritization of maintenance of trees adjacent to buildings and structures. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Safety 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/10/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/10/2025   9:30 AM 9:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video  previous day next day today Calendar Title and navigation Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << April 2025 S M T W T F S 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 April 2025   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30           Day Day Week Week Month Timeline Timeline Apr, 2025 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1292839&GUID=8F874858-6309-4610-9688-AE69E3584375&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Meeting Name: Committee on Finance Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 4/10/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Final Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Minutes Meeting video: Video Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (5) 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available LU 0271-2025 * Justin L. Brannan Preconsidered 15 Stratford Road, Block 5072, Lot 58, Brooklyn, Community District No. 14, Council Districts No. 40. Land Use Application Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Not available LU 0271-2025 * Justin L. Brannan 15 Stratford Road, Block 5072, Lot 58, Brooklyn, Community District No. 14, Council Districts No. 40. Land Use Application P-C Item Approved by Committee with Companion Resolution Pass Action details Not available LU 0272-2025 * Justin L. Brannan Preconsidered 1383 Plimpton Avenue HDFC, Block 2522, Lot 109, Bronx, Community District No. 4, Council Districts No. 16. Land Use Application Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Not available LU 0272-2025 * Justin L. Brannan 1383 Plimpton Avenue HDFC, Block 2522, Lot 109, Bronx, Community District No. 4, Council Districts No. 16. Land Use Application P-C Item Approved by Committee with Companion Resolution Pass Action details Not available Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Finance Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/10/2025 10:00 AM 4/10/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Final Final  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Minutes  Meeting video: Meeting video: Video Video  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (5) Meeting Items (5) Meeting Items (5) Meeting Items (5) 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 5 records 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available LU 0271-2025 * Justin L. Brannan Preconsidered 15 Stratford Road, Block 5072, Lot 58, Brooklyn, Community District No. 14, Council Districts No. 40. Land Use Application Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Not available LU 0271-2025 * Justin L. Brannan 15 Stratford Road, Block 5072, Lot 58, Brooklyn, Community District No. 14, Council Districts No. 40. Land Use Application P-C Item Approved by Committee with Companion Resolution Pass Action details Not available LU 0272-2025 * Justin L. Brannan Preconsidered 1383 Plimpton Avenue HDFC, Block 2522, Lot 109, Bronx, Community District No. 4, Council Districts No. 16. Land Use Application Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Not available LU 0272-2025 * Justin L. Brannan 1383 Plimpton Avenue HDFC, Block 2522, Lot 109, Bronx, Community District No. 4, Council Districts No. 16. Land Use Application P-C Item Approved by Committee with Companion Resolution Pass Action details Not available           Roll call Not available Not available LU 0271-2025 * Justin L. Brannan  Preconsidered 15 Stratford Road, Block 5072, Lot 58, Brooklyn, Community District No. 14, Council Districts No. 40. Land Use Application  Hearing on P-C Item by Comm  Action details Not available Not available LU 0271-2025 * Justin L. Brannan   15 Stratford Road, Block 5072, Lot 58, Brooklyn, Community District No. 14, Council Districts No. 40. Land Use Application  P-C Item Approved by Committee with Companion Resolution Pass Action details Not available Not available LU 0272-2025 * Justin L. Brannan  Preconsidered 1383 Plimpton Avenue HDFC, Block 2522, Lot 109, Bronx, Community District No. 4, Council Districts No. 16. Land Use Application  Hearing on P-C Item by Comm  Action details Not available Not available LU 0272-2025 * Justin L. Brannan   1383 Plimpton Avenue HDFC, Block 2522, Lot 109, Bronx, Community District No. 4, Council Districts No. 16. Land Use Application  P-C Item Approved by Committee with Companion Resolution Pass Action details Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1302289&GUID=DF60A431-912F-4B3F-9842-A57A09D9455B ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1291022&GUID=9CB2FEBB-DA9C-456E-A813-B385C45B2119 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov#2025-04-11 ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## List View List View List View List View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Search: Search:  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive)  select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive) notes closed captions notes closed captions  *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. Help 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 845 records 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 City Council Stated Meeting 9/25/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 9/18/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 8/14/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 7/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/30/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 6/26/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Cooling centers. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/11/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/29/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Public Safety. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Safety Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/28/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Immigration 5/27/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Immigration Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Criminal Justice and the Committee on Immigration. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Criminal Justice 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Criminal Justice Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Health Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Hospitals Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Education. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Children and Youth Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on General Welfare. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on General Welfare 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - General Welfare Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 5/15/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Higher Education and the Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Higher Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Housing 5/14/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Housing Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Housing and Buildings and the Committee on Public Housing. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Housing and Buildings Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/13/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Parks and Recreation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Transportation and Infrastructure Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Parks and Recreation and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Aging 5/12/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Aging Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management and the Committee on Aging. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/6/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/1/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Establishing exemptions for third-party food delivery services from the limits on fees charged by such services on food service establishments. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Wildfire mitigation strategic planning report to mitigate wildfires in parks under the jurisdiction of the department of parks and recreation. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/1/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/1/2025   9:00 AM 9:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the department of education to report on school librarians and library access in New York city public schools. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/30/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Land Use 4/30/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Contracts 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Contracts Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Public Meeting Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 4/29/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Oversight - Removing Small Financial Barriers for CUNY Students. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Technology 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Veterans 4/28/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 4/24/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* New York City health care institutions to contract with industrial laundry companies that respect workers’ legal rights and adhere to area standards for wages and benefits. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Economic Development 4/24/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/24/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Veterans 4/23/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/23/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Land Use 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/17/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Women and Gender Equity. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil Service and Labor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Criminal Justice 4/16/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Aging 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with the Committee on Finance. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Immigration 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Immigration Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Housing 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Security Guards, Fire Guards, and NYCHA’s Oversight of Contractors. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video City Council Stated Meeting 4/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Technology 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the 311 customer service center to provide certain resources in response to tree pruning-related requests. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Fire and Emergency Management 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Flash flood preparedness outreach and evacuation guidance. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Long-term citywide bathroom strategy and to make other technical changes. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/10/2025   10:45 AM 10:45 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor VOTE* Prioritization of maintenance of trees adjacent to buildings and structures. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Safety 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/10/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/10/2025   9:30 AM 9:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video  previous day next day today Calendar Title and navigation Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << April 2025 S M T W T F S 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 April 2025   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30           Day Day Week Week Month Timeline Timeline Apr, 2025 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=M&ID=1290186&GUID=35F84F7E-1EA9-4AD8-A4B9-9F30BE84EA27 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1293479&GUID=5FBC2DFE-3656-45F2-A1EF-573FDF2464E9 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1293231&GUID=0FA6CE22-BC62-4DC6-9D97-F3E936D01B6C ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1303172&GUID=99772455-6FA9-439F-9CEA-E99BA6605FC4 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1290128&GUID=1D31A104-C57D-4163-B478-581C84CC0410 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=M&ID=1283468&GUID=22ACA77C-206F-48AB-88DC-4EB514E98D0D ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1293554&GUID=538D7397-1EB5-4382-9ADE-F2B8056B228F ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1293236&GUID=45E6C021-3860-4879-9DF2-21D0F959634A ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=M&ID=1302482&GUID=FE9AC282-C4B7-4D0C-ABAA-3DE48454873D ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1293659&GUID=F9C1BF09-77F0-40E2-9965-A73C7FB5A289 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1302854&GUID=9E96EC55-D70C-4F80-A95D-24532286B414 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1288263&GUID=B4B0EB6A-9429-4DA1-A3D0-8F3781B5A55D&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Meeting Name: Committee on Hospitals Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 4/21/2025 1:00 PM Minutes status: Final Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Minutes Meeting video: Video Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (4) 4 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available T2025-3253 * Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Oversight Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available T2025-3253 * Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Oversight Filed, by Committee Action details Not available Not available Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Hospitals Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/21/2025 1:00 PM 4/21/2025 1:00 PM Minutes status: Minutes status: Final Final  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Minutes  Meeting video: Meeting video: Video Video  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (4) Meeting Items (4) Meeting Items (4) Meeting Items (4) 4 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 4 records 4 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available T2025-3253 * Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Oversight Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available T2025-3253 * Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Oversight Filed, by Committee Action details Not available Not available           Roll call Not available Not available T2025-3253 *    Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Oversight  Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available T2025-3253 *    Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Oversight  Filed, by Committee  Action details Not available Not available            Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1283467&GUID=F8227367-4CAF-4260-8F65-0390DF827992 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1284781&GUID=BEEC42C0-9FF3-49E8-BD3F-2DD93DE25819&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Meeting Name: Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 4/23/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Final Meeting location: Committee Room - City Hall Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Minutes Meeting video: Video Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (7) 7 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available T2025-3220 * Oversight - Commercial Waste Zones. Oversight Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available T2025-3220 * Oversight - Commercial Waste Zones. Oversight Filed, by Committee Action details Not available Int 0784-2024 * Sandy Nurse Establishing a tracking system concerning the disposal of yellow and brown grease Introduction This bill would require the Business Integrity Commission (BIC) establish a tracking system that requires transporters of yellow and brown grease to report to the BIC how such grease is disposed.  This bill would also establish a civil penalty for any person, required to document and track the collection, transportation and disposal of yellow and brown grease, who fails to comply with such requirement. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0784-2024 * Sandy Nurse Establishing a tracking system concerning the disposal of yellow and brown grease Introduction This bill would require the Business Integrity Commission (BIC) establish a tracking system that requires transporters of yellow and brown grease to report to the BIC how such grease is disposed.  This bill would also establish a civil penalty for any person, required to document and track the collection, transportation and disposal of yellow and brown grease, who fails to comply with such requirement. Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Int 1228-2025 * Shaun Abreu Expanding the categories of businesses that may be subject to requirements regarding the disposal of commercial organic waste. Introduction This bill would expand the categories of businesses that can be designated by the Department of Sanitation (“DSNY”) to be subject to requirements regarding separation and disposal of organic waste, and would require DSNY to designate additional covered establishments by July 1, 2025.  Any covered establishment so designated would be required to comply with requirements regarding separation and disposal of organic waste when the commercial waste zone in which the establishment is located goes into effect, or within 6 months from DSNY’s designation if the commercial waste zone was already in effect. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 1228-2025 * Shaun Abreu Expanding the categories of businesses that may be subject to requirements regarding the disposal of commercial organic waste. Introduction This bill would expand the categories of businesses that can be designated by the Department of Sanitation (“DSNY”) to be subject to requirements regarding separation and disposal of organic waste, and would require DSNY to designate additional covered establishments by July 1, 2025.  Any covered establishment so designated would be required to comply with requirements regarding separation and disposal of organic waste when the commercial waste zone in which the establishment is located goes into effect, or within 6 months from DSNY’s designation if the commercial waste zone was already in effect. Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/23/2025 10:00 AM 4/23/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Final Final  Meeting location: Meeting location: Committee Room - City Hall Committee Room - City Hall Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Minutes  Meeting video: Meeting video: Video Video  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (7) Meeting Items (7) Meeting Items (7) Meeting Items (7) 7 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 7 records 7 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available T2025-3220 * Oversight - Commercial Waste Zones. Oversight Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available T2025-3220 * Oversight - Commercial Waste Zones. Oversight Filed, by Committee Action details Not available Int 0784-2024 * Sandy Nurse Establishing a tracking system concerning the disposal of yellow and brown grease Introduction This bill would require the Business Integrity Commission (BIC) establish a tracking system that requires transporters of yellow and brown grease to report to the BIC how such grease is disposed.  This bill would also establish a civil penalty for any person, required to document and track the collection, transportation and disposal of yellow and brown grease, who fails to comply with such requirement. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0784-2024 * Sandy Nurse Establishing a tracking system concerning the disposal of yellow and brown grease Introduction This bill would require the Business Integrity Commission (BIC) establish a tracking system that requires transporters of yellow and brown grease to report to the BIC how such grease is disposed.  This bill would also establish a civil penalty for any person, required to document and track the collection, transportation and disposal of yellow and brown grease, who fails to comply with such requirement. Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Int 1228-2025 * Shaun Abreu Expanding the categories of businesses that may be subject to requirements regarding the disposal of commercial organic waste. Introduction This bill would expand the categories of businesses that can be designated by the Department of Sanitation (“DSNY”) to be subject to requirements regarding separation and disposal of organic waste, and would require DSNY to designate additional covered establishments by July 1, 2025.  Any covered establishment so designated would be required to comply with requirements regarding separation and disposal of organic waste when the commercial waste zone in which the establishment is located goes into effect, or within 6 months from DSNY’s designation if the commercial waste zone was already in effect. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 1228-2025 * Shaun Abreu Expanding the categories of businesses that may be subject to requirements regarding the disposal of commercial organic waste. Introduction This bill would expand the categories of businesses that can be designated by the Department of Sanitation (“DSNY”) to be subject to requirements regarding separation and disposal of organic waste, and would require DSNY to designate additional covered establishments by July 1, 2025.  Any covered establishment so designated would be required to comply with requirements regarding separation and disposal of organic waste when the commercial waste zone in which the establishment is located goes into effect, or within 6 months from DSNY’s designation if the commercial waste zone was already in effect. Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available           Roll call Not available Not available T2025-3220 *    Oversight - Commercial Waste Zones. Oversight  Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available T2025-3220 *    Oversight - Commercial Waste Zones. Oversight  Filed, by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0784-2024 * Sandy Nurse   Establishing a tracking system concerning the disposal of yellow and brown grease Introduction This bill would require the Business Integrity Commission (BIC) establish a tracking system that requires transporters of yellow and brown grease to report to the BIC how such grease is disposed.  This bill would also establish a civil penalty for any person, required to document and track the collection, transportation and disposal of yellow and brown grease, who fails to comply with such requirement. Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0784-2024 * Sandy Nurse   Establishing a tracking system concerning the disposal of yellow and brown grease Introduction This bill would require the Business Integrity Commission (BIC) establish a tracking system that requires transporters of yellow and brown grease to report to the BIC how such grease is disposed.  This bill would also establish a civil penalty for any person, required to document and track the collection, transportation and disposal of yellow and brown grease, who fails to comply with such requirement. Laid Over by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 1228-2025 * Shaun Abreu   Expanding the categories of businesses that may be subject to requirements regarding the disposal of commercial organic waste. Introduction This bill would expand the categories of businesses that can be designated by the Department of Sanitation (“DSNY”) to be subject to requirements regarding separation and disposal of organic waste, and would require DSNY to designate additional covered establishments by July 1, 2025.  Any covered establishment so designated would be required to comply with requirements regarding separation and disposal of organic waste when the commercial waste zone in which the establishment is located goes into effect, or within 6 months from DSNY’s designation if the commercial waste zone was already in effect. Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 1228-2025 * Shaun Abreu   Expanding the categories of businesses that may be subject to requirements regarding the disposal of commercial organic waste. Introduction This bill would expand the categories of businesses that can be designated by the Department of Sanitation (“DSNY”) to be subject to requirements regarding separation and disposal of organic waste, and would require DSNY to designate additional covered establishments by July 1, 2025.  Any covered establishment so designated would be required to comply with requirements regarding separation and disposal of organic waste when the commercial waste zone in which the establishment is located goes into effect, or within 6 months from DSNY’s designation if the commercial waste zone was already in effect. Laid Over by Committee  Action details Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1295399&GUID=84FA0D8F-E53C-42A1-AC9A-E5D45228AF05&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Small Business Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 5/9/2025 1:00 PM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (4) 4 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3351 * Oversight - Small Business Services and Commission on Human Rights Coordination for Human Rights Law Awareness and Compliance. Oversight Not available Not available Int 0282-2024 * Julie Menin Accessibility in small businesses. Introduction This bill would require the City of New York to establish a fund providing loans, grants, in-kind services, in-kind materials or some combination, to make small business storefronts accessible to people with disabilities. Small businesses of 100 employees or fewer and three locations or fewer would be eligible for the fund. The fund would award up to $250,000 in total value per storefront, and loans issued through the program would have an interest rate of no more than three percent. The City would be responsible for establishing a timeline of 90 days or less for the review of applications, issuing an approval or rejection of the application, and a disbursement of the fund, as applicable. Small business tenants or property owners who would bear the cost of the construction project would receive the fund award, but both parties must agree to receive it, unless a prior agreement states otherwise. As a condition of receiving the fund, the City may require that the storefront’s tenant be given a reduction in rent that equals a total of half the value of money, services and materials received through the fund. Not available Not available Int 0639-2024 * Public Advocate Jumaane Williams Requiring the department of small business services to offer training and education to small businesses regarding accessibility of the workplace and inclusion of workers with disabilities. Introduction This bill would require that the Department of Small Business Services provide training and information to small businesses about how make workplaces more accessible and inclusive for workers with disabilities and resources and organizations that can help small businesses increase accessibility, provide accommodations and hire workers with disabilities. Not available Not available Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Small Business Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 5/9/2025 1:00 PM 5/9/2025 1:00 PM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (4) Meeting Items (4) Meeting Items (4) Meeting Items (4) 4 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 4 records 4 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3351 * Oversight - Small Business Services and Commission on Human Rights Coordination for Human Rights Law Awareness and Compliance. Oversight Not available Not available Int 0282-2024 * Julie Menin Accessibility in small businesses. Introduction This bill would require the City of New York to establish a fund providing loans, grants, in-kind services, in-kind materials or some combination, to make small business storefronts accessible to people with disabilities. Small businesses of 100 employees or fewer and three locations or fewer would be eligible for the fund. The fund would award up to $250,000 in total value per storefront, and loans issued through the program would have an interest rate of no more than three percent. The City would be responsible for establishing a timeline of 90 days or less for the review of applications, issuing an approval or rejection of the application, and a disbursement of the fund, as applicable. Small business tenants or property owners who would bear the cost of the construction project would receive the fund award, but both parties must agree to receive it, unless a prior agreement states otherwise. As a condition of receiving the fund, the City may require that the storefront’s tenant be given a reduction in rent that equals a total of half the value of money, services and materials received through the fund. Not available Not available Int 0639-2024 * Public Advocate Jumaane Williams Requiring the department of small business services to offer training and education to small businesses regarding accessibility of the workplace and inclusion of workers with disabilities. Introduction This bill would require that the Department of Small Business Services provide training and information to small businesses about how make workplaces more accessible and inclusive for workers with disabilities and resources and organizations that can help small businesses increase accessibility, provide accommodations and hire workers with disabilities. Not available Not available Not available Not available T2025-3351 *    Oversight - Small Business Services and Commission on Human Rights Coordination for Human Rights Law Awareness and Compliance. Oversight    Not available Not available Not available Int 0282-2024 * Julie Menin   Accessibility in small businesses. Introduction This bill would require the City of New York to establish a fund providing loans, grants, in-kind services, in-kind materials or some combination, to make small business storefronts accessible to people with disabilities. Small businesses of 100 employees or fewer and three locations or fewer would be eligible for the fund. The fund would award up to $250,000 in total value per storefront, and loans issued through the program would have an interest rate of no more than three percent. The City would be responsible for establishing a timeline of 90 days or less for the review of applications, issuing an approval or rejection of the application, and a disbursement of the fund, as applicable. Small business tenants or property owners who would bear the cost of the construction project would receive the fund award, but both parties must agree to receive it, unless a prior agreement states otherwise. As a condition of receiving the fund, the City may require that the storefront’s tenant be given a reduction in rent that equals a total of half the value of money, services and materials received through the fund.   Not available Not available Not available Int 0639-2024 * Public Advocate Jumaane Williams   Requiring the department of small business services to offer training and education to small businesses regarding accessibility of the workplace and inclusion of workers with disabilities. Introduction This bill would require that the Department of Small Business Services provide training and information to small businesses about how make workplaces more accessible and inclusive for workers with disabilities and resources and organizations that can help small businesses increase accessibility, provide accommodations and hire workers with disabilities.   Not available Not available Not available           Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1297219&GUID=8B05C649-F986-4A99-9657-3FB882434FC6&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Meeting Name: Committee on Civil Service and Labor Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 4/24/2025 11:30 AM Minutes status: Final Meeting location: Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Minutes Meeting video: Video Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (3) 3 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available Res 0598-2024 * Carmen N. De La Rosa New York City health care institutions to contract with industrial laundry companies that respect workers’ legal rights and adhere to area standards for wages and benefits. Resolution Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Res 0598-2024 * Carmen N. De La Rosa New York City health care institutions to contract with industrial laundry companies that respect workers’ legal rights and adhere to area standards for wages and benefits. Resolution Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Civil Service and Labor Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/24/2025 11:30 AM 4/24/2025 11:30 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Final Final  Meeting location: Meeting location: Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Minutes  Meeting video: Meeting video: Video Video  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (3) Meeting Items (3) Meeting Items (3) Meeting Items (3) 3 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 3 records 3 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available Res 0598-2024 * Carmen N. De La Rosa New York City health care institutions to contract with industrial laundry companies that respect workers’ legal rights and adhere to area standards for wages and benefits. Resolution Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Res 0598-2024 * Carmen N. De La Rosa New York City health care institutions to contract with industrial laundry companies that respect workers’ legal rights and adhere to area standards for wages and benefits. Resolution Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available           Roll call Not available Not available Res 0598-2024 * Carmen N. De La Rosa   New York City health care institutions to contract with industrial laundry companies that respect workers’ legal rights and adhere to area standards for wages and benefits. Resolution  Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Res 0598-2024 * Carmen N. De La Rosa   New York City health care institutions to contract with industrial laundry companies that respect workers’ legal rights and adhere to area standards for wages and benefits. Resolution  Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1302698&GUID=A651B54A-11CA-4307-BB86-17ADD9CD9D6F&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Education Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 5/20/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3455 * Executive Budget Hearings - Education Oversight Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Education Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 5/20/2025 10:00 AM 5/20/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 1 record 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3455 * Executive Budget Hearings - Education Oversight Not available Not available T2025-3455 *    Executive Budget Hearings - Education Oversight    Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1290356&GUID=157472E1-7BBB-4F30-A65A-F011EA960E2E ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1302701&GUID=0B2A205F-FDB7-436C-A61E-759531CD2603&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Children and Youth Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 5/19/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3453 * Executive Budget Hearings - Children and Youth Oversight Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Children and Youth Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 5/19/2025 10:00 AM 5/19/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 1 record 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3453 * Executive Budget Hearings - Children and Youth Oversight Not available Not available T2025-3453 *    Executive Budget Hearings - Children and Youth Oversight    Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1290362&GUID=D0843584-46DC-4473-AE53-C998563114C1 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1292839&GUID=8F874858-6309-4610-9688-AE69E3584375 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov#2025-04-03 ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## List View List View List View List View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Search: Search:  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive)  select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive) notes closed captions notes closed captions  *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. Help 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 845 records 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 City Council Stated Meeting 9/25/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 9/18/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 8/14/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 7/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/30/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 6/26/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Cooling centers. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/11/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/29/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Public Safety. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Safety Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/28/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Immigration 5/27/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Immigration Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Criminal Justice and the Committee on Immigration. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Criminal Justice 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Criminal Justice Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Health Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Hospitals Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Education. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Children and Youth Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on General Welfare. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on General Welfare 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - General Welfare Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 5/15/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Higher Education and the Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Higher Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Housing 5/14/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Housing Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Housing and Buildings and the Committee on Public Housing. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Housing and Buildings Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/13/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Parks and Recreation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Transportation and Infrastructure Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Parks and Recreation and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Aging 5/12/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Aging Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management and the Committee on Aging. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/6/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/1/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Establishing exemptions for third-party food delivery services from the limits on fees charged by such services on food service establishments. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Wildfire mitigation strategic planning report to mitigate wildfires in parks under the jurisdiction of the department of parks and recreation. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/1/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/1/2025   9:00 AM 9:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the department of education to report on school librarians and library access in New York city public schools. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/30/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Land Use 4/30/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Contracts 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Contracts Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Public Meeting Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 4/29/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Oversight - Removing Small Financial Barriers for CUNY Students. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Technology 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Veterans 4/28/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 4/24/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* New York City health care institutions to contract with industrial laundry companies that respect workers’ legal rights and adhere to area standards for wages and benefits. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Economic Development 4/24/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/24/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Veterans 4/23/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/23/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Land Use 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/17/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Women and Gender Equity. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil Service and Labor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Criminal Justice 4/16/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Aging 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with the Committee on Finance. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Immigration 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Immigration Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Housing 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Security Guards, Fire Guards, and NYCHA’s Oversight of Contractors. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video City Council Stated Meeting 4/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Technology 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the 311 customer service center to provide certain resources in response to tree pruning-related requests. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Fire and Emergency Management 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Flash flood preparedness outreach and evacuation guidance. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Long-term citywide bathroom strategy and to make other technical changes. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/10/2025   10:45 AM 10:45 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor VOTE* Prioritization of maintenance of trees adjacent to buildings and structures. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Safety 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/10/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/10/2025   9:30 AM 9:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video  previous day next day today Calendar Title and navigation Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << April 2025 S M T W T F S 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 April 2025   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30           Day Day Week Week Month Timeline Timeline Apr, 2025 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=M&ID=1302355&GUID=ACF09643-49E2-4AD9-8EC5-76D8B60A7AB0 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=M&ID=1294277&GUID=A53C46A3-0FFE-4B77-9E2E-0EEB2A57BB3D ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1290716&GUID=03D77173-367E-48CB-9079-9A70FF3B66F4 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1290358&GUID=B9209161-9DD0-4F0D-A43A-9CCC7C9DD15B ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1290809&GUID=07994D74-9F28-414F-98CD-5DC27A1C0286&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Meeting Name: Committee on Women and Gender Equity Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 4/17/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Final Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil Service and Labor Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Minutes Meeting video: Video Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (12) 12 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available T2025-3314 * Oversight - Equitable Representation in the City Workforce. Oversight Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available T2025-3314 * Oversight - Equitable Representation in the City Workforce. Oversight Filed, by Committee Action details Not available Int 0675-2024 * Carmen N. De La Rosa Establishment of a task force to study the gender pay disparity and economic self-sufficiency among the labor force in the city Introduction This bill would establish a task force to study the gender pay disparity and economic self-sufficiency among the labor force in the city and to make recommendations on how to decrease the gender pay disparity and increase economic self-sufficiency. The task force would be required to submit a report to the Mayor and the Council one year after the first meeting of the task force. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0675-2024 * Carmen N. De La Rosa Establishment of a task force to study the gender pay disparity and economic self-sufficiency among the labor force in the city Introduction This bill would establish a task force to study the gender pay disparity and economic self-sufficiency among the labor force in the city and to make recommendations on how to decrease the gender pay disparity and increase economic self-sufficiency. The task force would be required to submit a report to the Mayor and the Council one year after the first meeting of the task force. Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Res 0066-2024 * Tiffany Cabán Expressing solidarity with unionization drives across New York City’s workforce and affirming the right to have union elections free from anti-democratic union-busting practices. Resolution Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Res 0066-2024 * Tiffany Cabán Expressing solidarity with unionization drives across New York City’s workforce and affirming the right to have union elections free from anti-democratic union-busting practices. Resolution Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Res 0109-2024 * Crystal Hudson New York City Teleworking Expansion Act (A.1435). Resolution Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Res 0109-2024 * Crystal Hudson New York City Teleworking Expansion Act (A.1435). Resolution Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Res 0368-2024 * Shahana K. Hanif Living Wage for Musicians Act. Resolution Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Res 0368-2024 * Shahana K. Hanif Living Wage for Musicians Act. Resolution Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Not available Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Women and Gender Equity Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/17/2025 10:00 AM 4/17/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Final Final  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil Service and Labor Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil Service and Labor Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Minutes  Meeting video: Meeting video: Video Video  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (12) Meeting Items (12) Meeting Items (12) Meeting Items (12) 12 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 12 records 12 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available T2025-3314 * Oversight - Equitable Representation in the City Workforce. Oversight Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available T2025-3314 * Oversight - Equitable Representation in the City Workforce. Oversight Filed, by Committee Action details Not available Int 0675-2024 * Carmen N. De La Rosa Establishment of a task force to study the gender pay disparity and economic self-sufficiency among the labor force in the city Introduction This bill would establish a task force to study the gender pay disparity and economic self-sufficiency among the labor force in the city and to make recommendations on how to decrease the gender pay disparity and increase economic self-sufficiency. The task force would be required to submit a report to the Mayor and the Council one year after the first meeting of the task force. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0675-2024 * Carmen N. De La Rosa Establishment of a task force to study the gender pay disparity and economic self-sufficiency among the labor force in the city Introduction This bill would establish a task force to study the gender pay disparity and economic self-sufficiency among the labor force in the city and to make recommendations on how to decrease the gender pay disparity and increase economic self-sufficiency. The task force would be required to submit a report to the Mayor and the Council one year after the first meeting of the task force. Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Res 0066-2024 * Tiffany Cabán Expressing solidarity with unionization drives across New York City’s workforce and affirming the right to have union elections free from anti-democratic union-busting practices. Resolution Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Res 0066-2024 * Tiffany Cabán Expressing solidarity with unionization drives across New York City’s workforce and affirming the right to have union elections free from anti-democratic union-busting practices. Resolution Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Res 0109-2024 * Crystal Hudson New York City Teleworking Expansion Act (A.1435). Resolution Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Res 0109-2024 * Crystal Hudson New York City Teleworking Expansion Act (A.1435). Resolution Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Res 0368-2024 * Shahana K. Hanif Living Wage for Musicians Act. Resolution Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Res 0368-2024 * Shahana K. Hanif Living Wage for Musicians Act. Resolution Laid Over by Committee Action details Not available Not available           Roll call Not available Not available T2025-3314 *    Oversight - Equitable Representation in the City Workforce. Oversight  Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available T2025-3314 *    Oversight - Equitable Representation in the City Workforce. Oversight  Filed, by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0675-2024 * Carmen N. De La Rosa   Establishment of a task force to study the gender pay disparity and economic self-sufficiency among the labor force in the city Introduction This bill would establish a task force to study the gender pay disparity and economic self-sufficiency among the labor force in the city and to make recommendations on how to decrease the gender pay disparity and increase economic self-sufficiency. The task force would be required to submit a report to the Mayor and the Council one year after the first meeting of the task force. Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0675-2024 * Carmen N. De La Rosa   Establishment of a task force to study the gender pay disparity and economic self-sufficiency among the labor force in the city Introduction This bill would establish a task force to study the gender pay disparity and economic self-sufficiency among the labor force in the city and to make recommendations on how to decrease the gender pay disparity and increase economic self-sufficiency. The task force would be required to submit a report to the Mayor and the Council one year after the first meeting of the task force. Laid Over by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Res 0066-2024 * Tiffany Cabán   Expressing solidarity with unionization drives across New York City’s workforce and affirming the right to have union elections free from anti-democratic union-busting practices. Resolution  Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Res 0066-2024 * Tiffany Cabán   Expressing solidarity with unionization drives across New York City’s workforce and affirming the right to have union elections free from anti-democratic union-busting practices. Resolution  Laid Over by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Res 0109-2024 * Crystal Hudson   New York City Teleworking Expansion Act (A.1435). Resolution  Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Res 0109-2024 * Crystal Hudson   New York City Teleworking Expansion Act (A.1435). Resolution  Laid Over by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Res 0368-2024 * Shahana K. Hanif   Living Wage for Musicians Act. Resolution  Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Res 0368-2024 * Shahana K. Hanif   Living Wage for Musicians Act. Resolution  Laid Over by Committee  Action details Not available Not available            Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov#2025-04-09 ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## List View List View List View List View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Search: Search:  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive)  select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive) notes closed captions notes closed captions  *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. Help 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 845 records 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 City Council Stated Meeting 9/25/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 9/18/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 8/14/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 7/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/30/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 6/26/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Cooling centers. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/11/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/29/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Public Safety. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Safety Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/28/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Immigration 5/27/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Immigration Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Criminal Justice and the Committee on Immigration. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Criminal Justice 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Criminal Justice Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Health Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Hospitals Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Education. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Children and Youth Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on General Welfare. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on General Welfare 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - General Welfare Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 5/15/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Higher Education and the Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Higher Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Housing 5/14/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Housing Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Housing and Buildings and the Committee on Public Housing. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Housing and Buildings Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/13/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Parks and Recreation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Transportation and Infrastructure Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Parks and Recreation and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Aging 5/12/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Aging Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management and the Committee on Aging. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/6/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/1/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Establishing exemptions for third-party food delivery services from the limits on fees charged by such services on food service establishments. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Wildfire mitigation strategic planning report to mitigate wildfires in parks under the jurisdiction of the department of parks and recreation. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/1/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/1/2025   9:00 AM 9:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the department of education to report on school librarians and library access in New York city public schools. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/30/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Land Use 4/30/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Contracts 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Contracts Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Public Meeting Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 4/29/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Oversight - Removing Small Financial Barriers for CUNY Students. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Technology 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Veterans 4/28/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 4/24/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* New York City health care institutions to contract with industrial laundry companies that respect workers’ legal rights and adhere to area standards for wages and benefits. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Economic Development 4/24/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/24/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Veterans 4/23/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/23/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Land Use 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/17/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Women and Gender Equity. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil Service and Labor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Criminal Justice 4/16/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Aging 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with the Committee on Finance. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Immigration 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Immigration Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Housing 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Security Guards, Fire Guards, and NYCHA’s Oversight of Contractors. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video City Council Stated Meeting 4/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Technology 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the 311 customer service center to provide certain resources in response to tree pruning-related requests. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Fire and Emergency Management 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Flash flood preparedness outreach and evacuation guidance. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Long-term citywide bathroom strategy and to make other technical changes. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/10/2025   10:45 AM 10:45 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor VOTE* Prioritization of maintenance of trees adjacent to buildings and structures. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Safety 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/10/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/10/2025   9:30 AM 9:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video  previous day next day today Calendar Title and navigation Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << April 2025 S M T W T F S 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 April 2025   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30           Day Day Week Week Month Timeline Timeline Apr, 2025 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1295396&GUID=7B3A3A82-C71A-4AFF-991B-287C27A6EE16 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1302690&GUID=CF4FFEA7-D0FD-41E8-A0F5-3CE3F610F971 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1294370&GUID=A9828DA5-B463-479D-A78B-0D6E593E4392&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Meeting Name: Committee on Civil Service and Labor Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 4/10/2025 11:30 AM Minutes status: Final Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Minutes Meeting video: Video Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (9) 9 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available Int 0671-2024 * Carmen N. De La Rosa Proposed Int. No. 671-A Civil service examination fee waivers for high school students and first time applicants. Introduction This bill would authorize the Department of Citywide Administrative Services (DCAS) to waive the civil service examination fee for individuals who are enrolled at any public, private, or charter high school in New York City or who are first time applicants. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0671-2024 * Carmen N. De La Rosa Civil service examination fee waivers for high school students and first time applicants. Introduction This bill would authorize the Department of Citywide Administrative Services (DCAS) to waive the civil service examination fee for individuals who are enrolled at any public, private, or charter high school in New York City or who are first time applicants. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 0671-2024 * Carmen N. De La Rosa Civil service examination fee waivers for high school students and first time applicants. Introduction This bill would authorize the Department of Citywide Administrative Services (DCAS) to waive the civil service examination fee for individuals who are enrolled at any public, private, or charter high school in New York City or who are first time applicants. Amended by Committee Action details Not available Int 0671-2024 A Carmen N. De La Rosa Civil service examination fee waivers for high school students and first time applicants. Introduction This bill would authorize the Department of Citywide Administrative Services (DCAS) to waive the civil service examination fee for individuals who are enrolled at any public, private, or charter high school in New York City or who are first time applicants. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Res 0333-2024 * Public Advocate Jumaane Williams Proposed Res. No. 333-A Eliminate the subminimum wage for employees based on their disability or age (S.28A /A.1006) Resolution Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Res 0333-2024 * Public Advocate Jumaane Williams Eliminate the subminimum wage for employees based on their disability or age (S.28A /A.1006) Resolution Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Res 0333-2024 * Public Advocate Jumaane Williams Eliminate the subminimum wage for employees based on their disability or age (S.28A /A.1006) Resolution Amended by Committee Action details Not available Res 0333-2024 A Public Advocate Jumaane Williams Eliminate the subminimum wage for employees based on their disability or age (S.28A /A.1006) Resolution Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Civil Service and Labor Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/10/2025 11:30 AM 4/10/2025 11:30 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Final Final  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Minutes  Meeting video: Meeting video: Video Video  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (9) Meeting Items (9) Meeting Items (9) Meeting Items (9) 9 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 9 records 9 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available Int 0671-2024 * Carmen N. De La Rosa Proposed Int. No. 671-A Civil service examination fee waivers for high school students and first time applicants. Introduction This bill would authorize the Department of Citywide Administrative Services (DCAS) to waive the civil service examination fee for individuals who are enrolled at any public, private, or charter high school in New York City or who are first time applicants. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 0671-2024 * Carmen N. De La Rosa Civil service examination fee waivers for high school students and first time applicants. Introduction This bill would authorize the Department of Citywide Administrative Services (DCAS) to waive the civil service examination fee for individuals who are enrolled at any public, private, or charter high school in New York City or who are first time applicants. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 0671-2024 * Carmen N. De La Rosa Civil service examination fee waivers for high school students and first time applicants. Introduction This bill would authorize the Department of Citywide Administrative Services (DCAS) to waive the civil service examination fee for individuals who are enrolled at any public, private, or charter high school in New York City or who are first time applicants. Amended by Committee Action details Not available Int 0671-2024 A Carmen N. De La Rosa Civil service examination fee waivers for high school students and first time applicants. Introduction This bill would authorize the Department of Citywide Administrative Services (DCAS) to waive the civil service examination fee for individuals who are enrolled at any public, private, or charter high school in New York City or who are first time applicants. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Res 0333-2024 * Public Advocate Jumaane Williams Proposed Res. No. 333-A Eliminate the subminimum wage for employees based on their disability or age (S.28A /A.1006) Resolution Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Res 0333-2024 * Public Advocate Jumaane Williams Eliminate the subminimum wage for employees based on their disability or age (S.28A /A.1006) Resolution Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Res 0333-2024 * Public Advocate Jumaane Williams Eliminate the subminimum wage for employees based on their disability or age (S.28A /A.1006) Resolution Amended by Committee Action details Not available Res 0333-2024 A Public Advocate Jumaane Williams Eliminate the subminimum wage for employees based on their disability or age (S.28A /A.1006) Resolution Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available           Roll call Not available Not available Int 0671-2024 * Carmen N. De La Rosa  Proposed Int. No. 671-A Civil service examination fee waivers for high school students and first time applicants. Introduction This bill would authorize the Department of Citywide Administrative Services (DCAS) to waive the civil service examination fee for individuals who are enrolled at any public, private, or charter high school in New York City or who are first time applicants. Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0671-2024 * Carmen N. De La Rosa   Civil service examination fee waivers for high school students and first time applicants. Introduction This bill would authorize the Department of Citywide Administrative Services (DCAS) to waive the civil service examination fee for individuals who are enrolled at any public, private, or charter high school in New York City or who are first time applicants. Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Not available Not available Int 0671-2024 * Carmen N. De La Rosa   Civil service examination fee waivers for high school students and first time applicants. Introduction This bill would authorize the Department of Citywide Administrative Services (DCAS) to waive the civil service examination fee for individuals who are enrolled at any public, private, or charter high school in New York City or who are first time applicants. Amended by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 0671-2024 A Carmen N. De La Rosa   Civil service examination fee waivers for high school students and first time applicants. Introduction This bill would authorize the Department of Citywide Administrative Services (DCAS) to waive the civil service examination fee for individuals who are enrolled at any public, private, or charter high school in New York City or who are first time applicants. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Not available Res 0333-2024 * Public Advocate Jumaane Williams  Proposed Res. No. 333-A Eliminate the subminimum wage for employees based on their disability or age (S.28A /A.1006) Resolution  Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Res 0333-2024 * Public Advocate Jumaane Williams   Eliminate the subminimum wage for employees based on their disability or age (S.28A /A.1006) Resolution  Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Not available Not available Res 0333-2024 * Public Advocate Jumaane Williams   Eliminate the subminimum wage for employees based on their disability or age (S.28A /A.1006) Resolution  Amended by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Res 0333-2024 A Public Advocate Jumaane Williams   Eliminate the subminimum wage for employees based on their disability or age (S.28A /A.1006) Resolution  Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1302355&GUID=ACF09643-49E2-4AD9-8EC5-76D8B60A7AB0&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Meeting Name: Committee on Women and Gender Equity Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 4/24/2025 11:00 AM Minutes status: Final Meeting location: Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Minutes Meeting video: Video Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (25) 25 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available Int 1200-2025 * Tiffany Cabán Proposed Int. No. 1200-A Publicly available information regarding gender identity related rights and resources. Introduction This bill would require the Mayor’s Office of Equity and Racial Justice (MOERJ) to provide publicly available information on the legal rights and resources available to TGNCNBI individuals, including information on protections against discrimination and harassment related to gender, including gender identity, or sexual orientation. It would also include information on hate crime protections, access to gender-affirming care, community-based organizations offering support services for TGNCNBI individuals, and legal name and gender marker changes. The bill would also require MOERJ to submit a report on the public information provided and engage in a media campaign regarding the public information. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 1200-2025 * Tiffany Cabán Publicly available information regarding gender identity related rights and resources. Introduction This bill would require the Mayor’s Office of Equity and Racial Justice (MOERJ) to provide publicly available information on the legal rights and resources available to TGNCNBI individuals, including information on protections against discrimination and harassment related to gender, including gender identity, or sexual orientation. It would also include information on hate crime protections, access to gender-affirming care, community-based organizations offering support services for TGNCNBI individuals, and legal name and gender marker changes. The bill would also require MOERJ to submit a report on the public information provided and engage in a media campaign regarding the public information. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 1200-2025 * Tiffany Cabán Publicly available information regarding gender identity related rights and resources. Introduction This bill would require the Mayor’s Office of Equity and Racial Justice (MOERJ) to provide publicly available information on the legal rights and resources available to TGNCNBI individuals, including information on protections against discrimination and harassment related to gender, including gender identity, or sexual orientation. It would also include information on hate crime protections, access to gender-affirming care, community-based organizations offering support services for TGNCNBI individuals, and legal name and gender marker changes. The bill would also require MOERJ to submit a report on the public information provided and engage in a media campaign regarding the public information. Amended by Committee Action details Not available Int 1200-2025 A Tiffany Cabán Publicly available information regarding gender identity related rights and resources. Introduction This bill would require the Mayor’s Office of Equity and Racial Justice (MOERJ) to provide publicly available information on the legal rights and resources available to TGNCNBI individuals, including information on protections against discrimination and harassment related to gender, including gender identity, or sexual orientation. It would also include information on hate crime protections, access to gender-affirming care, community-based organizations offering support services for TGNCNBI individuals, and legal name and gender marker changes. The bill would also require MOERJ to submit a report on the public information provided and engage in a media campaign regarding the public information. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Int 1201-2025 * Shahana K. Hanif Proposed Int. No. 1201-A Cause of action related to interference with reproductive or gender-affirming health care. Introduction This bill would expand a person’s private right of action for interference with reproductive or endocrine medical care when a lawsuit is commenced against the person on the basis of this care, to explicitly include all forms of gender-affirming care. Along with expanding this private right of action, the relevant chapter of the Administrative Code is redesignated to correct the issue of an identically numbered chapter. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 1201-2025 * Shahana K. Hanif Cause of action related to interference with reproductive or gender-affirming health care. Introduction This bill would expand a person’s private right of action for interference with reproductive or endocrine medical care when a lawsuit is commenced against the person on the basis of this care, to explicitly include all forms of gender-affirming care. Along with expanding this private right of action, the relevant chapter of the Administrative Code is redesignated to correct the issue of an identically numbered chapter. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 1201-2025 * Shahana K. Hanif Cause of action related to interference with reproductive or gender-affirming health care. Introduction This bill would expand a person’s private right of action for interference with reproductive or endocrine medical care when a lawsuit is commenced against the person on the basis of this care, to explicitly include all forms of gender-affirming care. Along with expanding this private right of action, the relevant chapter of the Administrative Code is redesignated to correct the issue of an identically numbered chapter. Amended by Committee Action details Not available Int 1201-2025 A Shahana K. Hanif Cause of action related to interference with reproductive or gender-affirming health care. Introduction This bill would expand a person’s private right of action for interference with reproductive or endocrine medical care when a lawsuit is commenced against the person on the basis of this care, to explicitly include all forms of gender-affirming care. Along with expanding this private right of action, the relevant chapter of the Administrative Code is redesignated to correct the issue of an identically numbered chapter. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Int 1203-2025 * Chi A. Ossé Proposed Int. No. 1203-A Requiring the mayor’s office of immigrant affairs to conduct an assessment to support migrants who are transgender, gender non-conforming, non-binary, or intersex and to develop a phased implementation plan to address gaps in supports. Introduction This bill would require the Mayor’s Office of Immigrant Affairs (MOIA) to conduct an assessment of the available resources and any service gaps in the City for newly arrived migrants who are transgender, gender non-conforming, non-binary, and intersex. The assessment would review the particular needs of these communities and what resources exist for them, and then develop an implementation plan to address service gaps based on the findings. The bill would require MOIA to submit the assessment to the Mayor and the Speaker of the Council no later than 18 months after the effective date of the local law. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 1203-2025 * Chi A. Ossé Requiring the mayor’s office of immigrant affairs to conduct an assessment to support migrants who are transgender, gender non-conforming, non-binary, or intersex and to develop a phased implementation plan to address gaps in supports. Introduction This bill would require the Mayor’s Office of Immigrant Affairs (MOIA) to conduct an assessment of the available resources and any service gaps in the City for newly arrived migrants who are transgender, gender non-conforming, non-binary, and intersex. The assessment would review the particular needs of these communities and what resources exist for them, and then develop an implementation plan to address service gaps based on the findings. The bill would require MOIA to submit the assessment to the Mayor and the Speaker of the Council no later than 18 months after the effective date of the local law. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 1203-2025 * Chi A. Ossé Requiring the mayor’s office of immigrant affairs to conduct an assessment to support migrants who are transgender, gender non-conforming, non-binary, or intersex and to develop a phased implementation plan to address gaps in supports. Introduction This bill would require the Mayor’s Office of Immigrant Affairs (MOIA) to conduct an assessment of the available resources and any service gaps in the City for newly arrived migrants who are transgender, gender non-conforming, non-binary, and intersex. The assessment would review the particular needs of these communities and what resources exist for them, and then develop an implementation plan to address service gaps based on the findings. The bill would require MOIA to submit the assessment to the Mayor and the Speaker of the Council no later than 18 months after the effective date of the local law. Amended by Committee Action details Not available Int 1203-2025 A Chi A. Ossé Requiring the mayor’s office of immigrant affairs to conduct an assessment to support migrants who are transgender, gender non-conforming, non-binary, or intersex and to develop a phased implementation plan to address gaps in supports. Introduction This bill would require the Mayor’s Office of Immigrant Affairs (MOIA) to conduct an assessment of the available resources and any service gaps in the City for newly arrived migrants who are transgender, gender non-conforming, non-binary, and intersex. The assessment would review the particular needs of these communities and what resources exist for them, and then develop an implementation plan to address service gaps based on the findings. The bill would require MOIA to submit the assessment to the Mayor and the Speaker of the Council no later than 18 months after the effective date of the local law. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Int 1204-2025 * Chi A. Ossé Proposed Int. No. 1204-A Requiring the commissioner of health and mental hygiene to conduct an assessment and develop a health agenda regarding health inequities affecting transgender, gender nonconforming, and non-binary individuals. Introduction This bill would require the Commissioner of the Department of Health and Mental Hygiene (DOHMH) to conduct an assessment on health inequities affecting transgender, gender non-conforming, and non-binary (TGNCNB) individuals in light of health inequities between TGNCNB individuals and cisgender individuals, and health inequities affecting intersex individuals. The bill would require DOHMH to develop a health agenda for TGNCNB individuals and intersex individuals that includes strategies for DOHMH to address health inequities identified in the assessment. The bill would require the Commissioner of DOHMH to deliver the results of the assessment no later than September 30, 2027 and to provide a health agenda no later than September 30, 2028 and every 5 years thereafter. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 1204-2025 * Chi A. Ossé Requiring the commissioner of health and mental hygiene to conduct an assessment and develop a health agenda regarding health inequities affecting transgender, gender nonconforming, and non-binary individuals. Introduction This bill would require the Commissioner of the Department of Health and Mental Hygiene (DOHMH) to conduct an assessment on health inequities affecting transgender, gender non-conforming, and non-binary (TGNCNB) individuals in light of health inequities between TGNCNB individuals and cisgender individuals, and health inequities affecting intersex individuals. The bill would require DOHMH to develop a health agenda for TGNCNB individuals and intersex individuals that includes strategies for DOHMH to address health inequities identified in the assessment. The bill would require the Commissioner of DOHMH to deliver the results of the assessment no later than September 30, 2027 and to provide a health agenda no later than September 30, 2028 and every 5 years thereafter. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 1204-2025 * Chi A. Ossé Requiring the commissioner of health and mental hygiene to conduct an assessment and develop a health agenda regarding health inequities affecting transgender, gender nonconforming, and non-binary individuals. Introduction This bill would require the Commissioner of the Department of Health and Mental Hygiene (DOHMH) to conduct an assessment on health inequities affecting transgender, gender non-conforming, and non-binary (TGNCNB) individuals in light of health inequities between TGNCNB individuals and cisgender individuals, and health inequities affecting intersex individuals. The bill would require DOHMH to develop a health agenda for TGNCNB individuals and intersex individuals that includes strategies for DOHMH to address health inequities identified in the assessment. The bill would require the Commissioner of DOHMH to deliver the results of the assessment no later than September 30, 2027 and to provide a health agenda no later than September 30, 2028 and every 5 years thereafter. Amended by Committee Action details Not available Int 1204-2025 A Chi A. Ossé Requiring the commissioner of health and mental hygiene to conduct an assessment and develop a health agenda regarding health inequities affecting transgender, gender nonconforming, and non-binary individuals. Introduction This bill would require the Commissioner of the Department of Health and Mental Hygiene (DOHMH) to conduct an assessment on health inequities affecting transgender, gender non-conforming, and non-binary (TGNCNB) individuals in light of health inequities between TGNCNB individuals and cisgender individuals, and health inequities affecting intersex individuals. The bill would require DOHMH to develop a health agenda for TGNCNB individuals and intersex individuals that includes strategies for DOHMH to address health inequities identified in the assessment. The bill would require the Commissioner of DOHMH to deliver the results of the assessment no later than September 30, 2027 and to provide a health agenda no later than September 30, 2028 and every 5 years thereafter. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Res 0771-2025 * Erik D. Bottcher Extend protections over personal health information (S.929/A.2141). Resolution Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Res 0771-2025 * Erik D. Bottcher Extend protections over personal health information (S.929/A.2141). Resolution Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Res 0774-2025 * Crystal Hudson Dept of Health to implement regulations requiring hospitals in NYC to adhere to the World Professional Association for Transgender Health’s Standards of Care 8. Resolution Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Res 0774-2025 * Crystal Hudson Dept of Health to implement regulations requiring hospitals in NYC to adhere to the World Professional Association for Transgender Health’s Standards of Care 8. Resolution Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Res 0781-2025 * Lynn C. Schulman Prohibit out-of-state access to the New York State Prescription Monitoring Program’s data for certain medications including abortion medications, hormone therapy, and puberty blockers. Resolution Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Res 0781-2025 * Lynn C. Schulman Prohibit out-of-state access to the New York State Prescription Monitoring Program’s data for certain medications including abortion medications, hormone therapy, and puberty blockers. Resolution Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Res 0793-2025 * Lynn C. Schulman Provide additional protections for the sensitive health information of patients (S.1633/A.2613) Resolution Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Res 0793-2025 * Lynn C. Schulman Provide additional protections for the sensitive health information of patients (S.1633/A.2613) Resolution Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Women and Gender Equity Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/24/2025 11:00 AM 4/24/2025 11:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Final Final  Meeting location: Meeting location: Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Minutes  Meeting video: Meeting video: Video Video  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (25) Meeting Items (25) Meeting Items (25) Meeting Items (25) 25 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 25 records 25 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available Int 1200-2025 * Tiffany Cabán Proposed Int. No. 1200-A Publicly available information regarding gender identity related rights and resources. Introduction This bill would require the Mayor’s Office of Equity and Racial Justice (MOERJ) to provide publicly available information on the legal rights and resources available to TGNCNBI individuals, including information on protections against discrimination and harassment related to gender, including gender identity, or sexual orientation. It would also include information on hate crime protections, access to gender-affirming care, community-based organizations offering support services for TGNCNBI individuals, and legal name and gender marker changes. The bill would also require MOERJ to submit a report on the public information provided and engage in a media campaign regarding the public information. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 1200-2025 * Tiffany Cabán Publicly available information regarding gender identity related rights and resources. Introduction This bill would require the Mayor’s Office of Equity and Racial Justice (MOERJ) to provide publicly available information on the legal rights and resources available to TGNCNBI individuals, including information on protections against discrimination and harassment related to gender, including gender identity, or sexual orientation. It would also include information on hate crime protections, access to gender-affirming care, community-based organizations offering support services for TGNCNBI individuals, and legal name and gender marker changes. The bill would also require MOERJ to submit a report on the public information provided and engage in a media campaign regarding the public information. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 1200-2025 * Tiffany Cabán Publicly available information regarding gender identity related rights and resources. Introduction This bill would require the Mayor’s Office of Equity and Racial Justice (MOERJ) to provide publicly available information on the legal rights and resources available to TGNCNBI individuals, including information on protections against discrimination and harassment related to gender, including gender identity, or sexual orientation. It would also include information on hate crime protections, access to gender-affirming care, community-based organizations offering support services for TGNCNBI individuals, and legal name and gender marker changes. The bill would also require MOERJ to submit a report on the public information provided and engage in a media campaign regarding the public information. Amended by Committee Action details Not available Int 1200-2025 A Tiffany Cabán Publicly available information regarding gender identity related rights and resources. Introduction This bill would require the Mayor’s Office of Equity and Racial Justice (MOERJ) to provide publicly available information on the legal rights and resources available to TGNCNBI individuals, including information on protections against discrimination and harassment related to gender, including gender identity, or sexual orientation. It would also include information on hate crime protections, access to gender-affirming care, community-based organizations offering support services for TGNCNBI individuals, and legal name and gender marker changes. The bill would also require MOERJ to submit a report on the public information provided and engage in a media campaign regarding the public information. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Int 1201-2025 * Shahana K. Hanif Proposed Int. No. 1201-A Cause of action related to interference with reproductive or gender-affirming health care. Introduction This bill would expand a person’s private right of action for interference with reproductive or endocrine medical care when a lawsuit is commenced against the person on the basis of this care, to explicitly include all forms of gender-affirming care. Along with expanding this private right of action, the relevant chapter of the Administrative Code is redesignated to correct the issue of an identically numbered chapter. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 1201-2025 * Shahana K. Hanif Cause of action related to interference with reproductive or gender-affirming health care. Introduction This bill would expand a person’s private right of action for interference with reproductive or endocrine medical care when a lawsuit is commenced against the person on the basis of this care, to explicitly include all forms of gender-affirming care. Along with expanding this private right of action, the relevant chapter of the Administrative Code is redesignated to correct the issue of an identically numbered chapter. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 1201-2025 * Shahana K. Hanif Cause of action related to interference with reproductive or gender-affirming health care. Introduction This bill would expand a person’s private right of action for interference with reproductive or endocrine medical care when a lawsuit is commenced against the person on the basis of this care, to explicitly include all forms of gender-affirming care. Along with expanding this private right of action, the relevant chapter of the Administrative Code is redesignated to correct the issue of an identically numbered chapter. Amended by Committee Action details Not available Int 1201-2025 A Shahana K. Hanif Cause of action related to interference with reproductive or gender-affirming health care. Introduction This bill would expand a person’s private right of action for interference with reproductive or endocrine medical care when a lawsuit is commenced against the person on the basis of this care, to explicitly include all forms of gender-affirming care. Along with expanding this private right of action, the relevant chapter of the Administrative Code is redesignated to correct the issue of an identically numbered chapter. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Int 1203-2025 * Chi A. Ossé Proposed Int. No. 1203-A Requiring the mayor’s office of immigrant affairs to conduct an assessment to support migrants who are transgender, gender non-conforming, non-binary, or intersex and to develop a phased implementation plan to address gaps in supports. Introduction This bill would require the Mayor’s Office of Immigrant Affairs (MOIA) to conduct an assessment of the available resources and any service gaps in the City for newly arrived migrants who are transgender, gender non-conforming, non-binary, and intersex. The assessment would review the particular needs of these communities and what resources exist for them, and then develop an implementation plan to address service gaps based on the findings. The bill would require MOIA to submit the assessment to the Mayor and the Speaker of the Council no later than 18 months after the effective date of the local law. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 1203-2025 * Chi A. Ossé Requiring the mayor’s office of immigrant affairs to conduct an assessment to support migrants who are transgender, gender non-conforming, non-binary, or intersex and to develop a phased implementation plan to address gaps in supports. Introduction This bill would require the Mayor’s Office of Immigrant Affairs (MOIA) to conduct an assessment of the available resources and any service gaps in the City for newly arrived migrants who are transgender, gender non-conforming, non-binary, and intersex. The assessment would review the particular needs of these communities and what resources exist for them, and then develop an implementation plan to address service gaps based on the findings. The bill would require MOIA to submit the assessment to the Mayor and the Speaker of the Council no later than 18 months after the effective date of the local law. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 1203-2025 * Chi A. Ossé Requiring the mayor’s office of immigrant affairs to conduct an assessment to support migrants who are transgender, gender non-conforming, non-binary, or intersex and to develop a phased implementation plan to address gaps in supports. Introduction This bill would require the Mayor’s Office of Immigrant Affairs (MOIA) to conduct an assessment of the available resources and any service gaps in the City for newly arrived migrants who are transgender, gender non-conforming, non-binary, and intersex. The assessment would review the particular needs of these communities and what resources exist for them, and then develop an implementation plan to address service gaps based on the findings. The bill would require MOIA to submit the assessment to the Mayor and the Speaker of the Council no later than 18 months after the effective date of the local law. Amended by Committee Action details Not available Int 1203-2025 A Chi A. Ossé Requiring the mayor’s office of immigrant affairs to conduct an assessment to support migrants who are transgender, gender non-conforming, non-binary, or intersex and to develop a phased implementation plan to address gaps in supports. Introduction This bill would require the Mayor’s Office of Immigrant Affairs (MOIA) to conduct an assessment of the available resources and any service gaps in the City for newly arrived migrants who are transgender, gender non-conforming, non-binary, and intersex. The assessment would review the particular needs of these communities and what resources exist for them, and then develop an implementation plan to address service gaps based on the findings. The bill would require MOIA to submit the assessment to the Mayor and the Speaker of the Council no later than 18 months after the effective date of the local law. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Int 1204-2025 * Chi A. Ossé Proposed Int. No. 1204-A Requiring the commissioner of health and mental hygiene to conduct an assessment and develop a health agenda regarding health inequities affecting transgender, gender nonconforming, and non-binary individuals. Introduction This bill would require the Commissioner of the Department of Health and Mental Hygiene (DOHMH) to conduct an assessment on health inequities affecting transgender, gender non-conforming, and non-binary (TGNCNB) individuals in light of health inequities between TGNCNB individuals and cisgender individuals, and health inequities affecting intersex individuals. The bill would require DOHMH to develop a health agenda for TGNCNB individuals and intersex individuals that includes strategies for DOHMH to address health inequities identified in the assessment. The bill would require the Commissioner of DOHMH to deliver the results of the assessment no later than September 30, 2027 and to provide a health agenda no later than September 30, 2028 and every 5 years thereafter. Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Int 1204-2025 * Chi A. Ossé Requiring the commissioner of health and mental hygiene to conduct an assessment and develop a health agenda regarding health inequities affecting transgender, gender nonconforming, and non-binary individuals. Introduction This bill would require the Commissioner of the Department of Health and Mental Hygiene (DOHMH) to conduct an assessment on health inequities affecting transgender, gender non-conforming, and non-binary (TGNCNB) individuals in light of health inequities between TGNCNB individuals and cisgender individuals, and health inequities affecting intersex individuals. The bill would require DOHMH to develop a health agenda for TGNCNB individuals and intersex individuals that includes strategies for DOHMH to address health inequities identified in the assessment. The bill would require the Commissioner of DOHMH to deliver the results of the assessment no later than September 30, 2027 and to provide a health agenda no later than September 30, 2028 and every 5 years thereafter. Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Not available Int 1204-2025 * Chi A. Ossé Requiring the commissioner of health and mental hygiene to conduct an assessment and develop a health agenda regarding health inequities affecting transgender, gender nonconforming, and non-binary individuals. Introduction This bill would require the Commissioner of the Department of Health and Mental Hygiene (DOHMH) to conduct an assessment on health inequities affecting transgender, gender non-conforming, and non-binary (TGNCNB) individuals in light of health inequities between TGNCNB individuals and cisgender individuals, and health inequities affecting intersex individuals. The bill would require DOHMH to develop a health agenda for TGNCNB individuals and intersex individuals that includes strategies for DOHMH to address health inequities identified in the assessment. The bill would require the Commissioner of DOHMH to deliver the results of the assessment no later than September 30, 2027 and to provide a health agenda no later than September 30, 2028 and every 5 years thereafter. Amended by Committee Action details Not available Int 1204-2025 A Chi A. Ossé Requiring the commissioner of health and mental hygiene to conduct an assessment and develop a health agenda regarding health inequities affecting transgender, gender nonconforming, and non-binary individuals. Introduction This bill would require the Commissioner of the Department of Health and Mental Hygiene (DOHMH) to conduct an assessment on health inequities affecting transgender, gender non-conforming, and non-binary (TGNCNB) individuals in light of health inequities between TGNCNB individuals and cisgender individuals, and health inequities affecting intersex individuals. The bill would require DOHMH to develop a health agenda for TGNCNB individuals and intersex individuals that includes strategies for DOHMH to address health inequities identified in the assessment. The bill would require the Commissioner of DOHMH to deliver the results of the assessment no later than September 30, 2027 and to provide a health agenda no later than September 30, 2028 and every 5 years thereafter. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Res 0771-2025 * Erik D. Bottcher Extend protections over personal health information (S.929/A.2141). Resolution Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Res 0771-2025 * Erik D. Bottcher Extend protections over personal health information (S.929/A.2141). Resolution Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Res 0774-2025 * Crystal Hudson Dept of Health to implement regulations requiring hospitals in NYC to adhere to the World Professional Association for Transgender Health’s Standards of Care 8. Resolution Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Res 0774-2025 * Crystal Hudson Dept of Health to implement regulations requiring hospitals in NYC to adhere to the World Professional Association for Transgender Health’s Standards of Care 8. Resolution Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Res 0781-2025 * Lynn C. Schulman Prohibit out-of-state access to the New York State Prescription Monitoring Program’s data for certain medications including abortion medications, hormone therapy, and puberty blockers. Resolution Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Res 0781-2025 * Lynn C. Schulman Prohibit out-of-state access to the New York State Prescription Monitoring Program’s data for certain medications including abortion medications, hormone therapy, and puberty blockers. Resolution Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Res 0793-2025 * Lynn C. Schulman Provide additional protections for the sensitive health information of patients (S.1633/A.2613) Resolution Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available Res 0793-2025 * Lynn C. Schulman Provide additional protections for the sensitive health information of patients (S.1633/A.2613) Resolution Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available           Roll call Not available Not available Int 1200-2025 * Tiffany Cabán  Proposed Int. No. 1200-A Publicly available information regarding gender identity related rights and resources. Introduction This bill would require the Mayor’s Office of Equity and Racial Justice (MOERJ) to provide publicly available information on the legal rights and resources available to TGNCNBI individuals, including information on protections against discrimination and harassment related to gender, including gender identity, or sexual orientation. It would also include information on hate crime protections, access to gender-affirming care, community-based organizations offering support services for TGNCNBI individuals, and legal name and gender marker changes. The bill would also require MOERJ to submit a report on the public information provided and engage in a media campaign regarding the public information. Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 1200-2025 * Tiffany Cabán   Publicly available information regarding gender identity related rights and resources. Introduction This bill would require the Mayor’s Office of Equity and Racial Justice (MOERJ) to provide publicly available information on the legal rights and resources available to TGNCNBI individuals, including information on protections against discrimination and harassment related to gender, including gender identity, or sexual orientation. It would also include information on hate crime protections, access to gender-affirming care, community-based organizations offering support services for TGNCNBI individuals, and legal name and gender marker changes. The bill would also require MOERJ to submit a report on the public information provided and engage in a media campaign regarding the public information. Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Not available Not available Int 1200-2025 * Tiffany Cabán   Publicly available information regarding gender identity related rights and resources. Introduction This bill would require the Mayor’s Office of Equity and Racial Justice (MOERJ) to provide publicly available information on the legal rights and resources available to TGNCNBI individuals, including information on protections against discrimination and harassment related to gender, including gender identity, or sexual orientation. It would also include information on hate crime protections, access to gender-affirming care, community-based organizations offering support services for TGNCNBI individuals, and legal name and gender marker changes. The bill would also require MOERJ to submit a report on the public information provided and engage in a media campaign regarding the public information. Amended by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 1200-2025 A Tiffany Cabán   Publicly available information regarding gender identity related rights and resources. Introduction This bill would require the Mayor’s Office of Equity and Racial Justice (MOERJ) to provide publicly available information on the legal rights and resources available to TGNCNBI individuals, including information on protections against discrimination and harassment related to gender, including gender identity, or sexual orientation. It would also include information on hate crime protections, access to gender-affirming care, community-based organizations offering support services for TGNCNBI individuals, and legal name and gender marker changes. The bill would also require MOERJ to submit a report on the public information provided and engage in a media campaign regarding the public information. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Not available Int 1201-2025 * Shahana K. Hanif  Proposed Int. No. 1201-A Cause of action related to interference with reproductive or gender-affirming health care. Introduction This bill would expand a person’s private right of action for interference with reproductive or endocrine medical care when a lawsuit is commenced against the person on the basis of this care, to explicitly include all forms of gender-affirming care. Along with expanding this private right of action, the relevant chapter of the Administrative Code is redesignated to correct the issue of an identically numbered chapter. Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 1201-2025 * Shahana K. Hanif   Cause of action related to interference with reproductive or gender-affirming health care. Introduction This bill would expand a person’s private right of action for interference with reproductive or endocrine medical care when a lawsuit is commenced against the person on the basis of this care, to explicitly include all forms of gender-affirming care. Along with expanding this private right of action, the relevant chapter of the Administrative Code is redesignated to correct the issue of an identically numbered chapter. Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Not available Not available Int 1201-2025 * Shahana K. Hanif   Cause of action related to interference with reproductive or gender-affirming health care. Introduction This bill would expand a person’s private right of action for interference with reproductive or endocrine medical care when a lawsuit is commenced against the person on the basis of this care, to explicitly include all forms of gender-affirming care. Along with expanding this private right of action, the relevant chapter of the Administrative Code is redesignated to correct the issue of an identically numbered chapter. Amended by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 1201-2025 A Shahana K. Hanif   Cause of action related to interference with reproductive or gender-affirming health care. Introduction This bill would expand a person’s private right of action for interference with reproductive or endocrine medical care when a lawsuit is commenced against the person on the basis of this care, to explicitly include all forms of gender-affirming care. Along with expanding this private right of action, the relevant chapter of the Administrative Code is redesignated to correct the issue of an identically numbered chapter. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Not available Int 1203-2025 * Chi A. Ossé  Proposed Int. No. 1203-A Requiring the mayor’s office of immigrant affairs to conduct an assessment to support migrants who are transgender, gender non-conforming, non-binary, or intersex and to develop a phased implementation plan to address gaps in supports. Introduction This bill would require the Mayor’s Office of Immigrant Affairs (MOIA) to conduct an assessment of the available resources and any service gaps in the City for newly arrived migrants who are transgender, gender non-conforming, non-binary, and intersex. The assessment would review the particular needs of these communities and what resources exist for them, and then develop an implementation plan to address service gaps based on the findings. The bill would require MOIA to submit the assessment to the Mayor and the Speaker of the Council no later than 18 months after the effective date of the local law. Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 1203-2025 * Chi A. Ossé   Requiring the mayor’s office of immigrant affairs to conduct an assessment to support migrants who are transgender, gender non-conforming, non-binary, or intersex and to develop a phased implementation plan to address gaps in supports. Introduction This bill would require the Mayor’s Office of Immigrant Affairs (MOIA) to conduct an assessment of the available resources and any service gaps in the City for newly arrived migrants who are transgender, gender non-conforming, non-binary, and intersex. The assessment would review the particular needs of these communities and what resources exist for them, and then develop an implementation plan to address service gaps based on the findings. The bill would require MOIA to submit the assessment to the Mayor and the Speaker of the Council no later than 18 months after the effective date of the local law. Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Not available Not available Int 1203-2025 * Chi A. Ossé   Requiring the mayor’s office of immigrant affairs to conduct an assessment to support migrants who are transgender, gender non-conforming, non-binary, or intersex and to develop a phased implementation plan to address gaps in supports. Introduction This bill would require the Mayor’s Office of Immigrant Affairs (MOIA) to conduct an assessment of the available resources and any service gaps in the City for newly arrived migrants who are transgender, gender non-conforming, non-binary, and intersex. The assessment would review the particular needs of these communities and what resources exist for them, and then develop an implementation plan to address service gaps based on the findings. The bill would require MOIA to submit the assessment to the Mayor and the Speaker of the Council no later than 18 months after the effective date of the local law. Amended by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 1203-2025 A Chi A. Ossé   Requiring the mayor’s office of immigrant affairs to conduct an assessment to support migrants who are transgender, gender non-conforming, non-binary, or intersex and to develop a phased implementation plan to address gaps in supports. Introduction This bill would require the Mayor’s Office of Immigrant Affairs (MOIA) to conduct an assessment of the available resources and any service gaps in the City for newly arrived migrants who are transgender, gender non-conforming, non-binary, and intersex. The assessment would review the particular needs of these communities and what resources exist for them, and then develop an implementation plan to address service gaps based on the findings. The bill would require MOIA to submit the assessment to the Mayor and the Speaker of the Council no later than 18 months after the effective date of the local law. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Not available Int 1204-2025 * Chi A. Ossé  Proposed Int. No. 1204-A Requiring the commissioner of health and mental hygiene to conduct an assessment and develop a health agenda regarding health inequities affecting transgender, gender nonconforming, and non-binary individuals. Introduction This bill would require the Commissioner of the Department of Health and Mental Hygiene (DOHMH) to conduct an assessment on health inequities affecting transgender, gender non-conforming, and non-binary (TGNCNB) individuals in light of health inequities between TGNCNB individuals and cisgender individuals, and health inequities affecting intersex individuals. The bill would require DOHMH to develop a health agenda for TGNCNB individuals and intersex individuals that includes strategies for DOHMH to address health inequities identified in the assessment. The bill would require the Commissioner of DOHMH to deliver the results of the assessment no later than September 30, 2027 and to provide a health agenda no later than September 30, 2028 and every 5 years thereafter. Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 1204-2025 * Chi A. Ossé   Requiring the commissioner of health and mental hygiene to conduct an assessment and develop a health agenda regarding health inequities affecting transgender, gender nonconforming, and non-binary individuals. Introduction This bill would require the Commissioner of the Department of Health and Mental Hygiene (DOHMH) to conduct an assessment on health inequities affecting transgender, gender non-conforming, and non-binary (TGNCNB) individuals in light of health inequities between TGNCNB individuals and cisgender individuals, and health inequities affecting intersex individuals. The bill would require DOHMH to develop a health agenda for TGNCNB individuals and intersex individuals that includes strategies for DOHMH to address health inequities identified in the assessment. The bill would require the Commissioner of DOHMH to deliver the results of the assessment no later than September 30, 2027 and to provide a health agenda no later than September 30, 2028 and every 5 years thereafter. Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Not available Not available Int 1204-2025 * Chi A. Ossé   Requiring the commissioner of health and mental hygiene to conduct an assessment and develop a health agenda regarding health inequities affecting transgender, gender nonconforming, and non-binary individuals. Introduction This bill would require the Commissioner of the Department of Health and Mental Hygiene (DOHMH) to conduct an assessment on health inequities affecting transgender, gender non-conforming, and non-binary (TGNCNB) individuals in light of health inequities between TGNCNB individuals and cisgender individuals, and health inequities affecting intersex individuals. The bill would require DOHMH to develop a health agenda for TGNCNB individuals and intersex individuals that includes strategies for DOHMH to address health inequities identified in the assessment. The bill would require the Commissioner of DOHMH to deliver the results of the assessment no later than September 30, 2027 and to provide a health agenda no later than September 30, 2028 and every 5 years thereafter. Amended by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 1204-2025 A Chi A. Ossé   Requiring the commissioner of health and mental hygiene to conduct an assessment and develop a health agenda regarding health inequities affecting transgender, gender nonconforming, and non-binary individuals. Introduction This bill would require the Commissioner of the Department of Health and Mental Hygiene (DOHMH) to conduct an assessment on health inequities affecting transgender, gender non-conforming, and non-binary (TGNCNB) individuals in light of health inequities between TGNCNB individuals and cisgender individuals, and health inequities affecting intersex individuals. The bill would require DOHMH to develop a health agenda for TGNCNB individuals and intersex individuals that includes strategies for DOHMH to address health inequities identified in the assessment. The bill would require the Commissioner of DOHMH to deliver the results of the assessment no later than September 30, 2027 and to provide a health agenda no later than September 30, 2028 and every 5 years thereafter. Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Not available Res 0771-2025 * Erik D. Bottcher   Extend protections over personal health information (S.929/A.2141). Resolution  Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Res 0771-2025 * Erik D. Bottcher   Extend protections over personal health information (S.929/A.2141). Resolution  Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Not available Res 0774-2025 * Crystal Hudson   Dept of Health to implement regulations requiring hospitals in NYC to adhere to the World Professional Association for Transgender Health’s Standards of Care 8. Resolution  Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Res 0774-2025 * Crystal Hudson   Dept of Health to implement regulations requiring hospitals in NYC to adhere to the World Professional Association for Transgender Health’s Standards of Care 8. Resolution  Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Not available Res 0781-2025 * Lynn C. Schulman   Prohibit out-of-state access to the New York State Prescription Monitoring Program’s data for certain medications including abortion medications, hormone therapy, and puberty blockers. Resolution  Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Res 0781-2025 * Lynn C. Schulman   Prohibit out-of-state access to the New York State Prescription Monitoring Program’s data for certain medications including abortion medications, hormone therapy, and puberty blockers. Resolution  Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Not available Res 0793-2025 * Lynn C. Schulman   Provide additional protections for the sensitive health information of patients (S.1633/A.2613) Resolution  Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Res 0793-2025 * Lynn C. Schulman   Provide additional protections for the sensitive health information of patients (S.1633/A.2613) Resolution  Approved by Committee Pass Action details Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1277290&GUID=6CD32C46-756D-404B-8CF3-AD7375D3BE5B ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1302698&GUID=A651B54A-11CA-4307-BB86-17ADD9CD9D6F ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1302729&GUID=38480234-CCBD-4C4B-BB35-54762195FD53 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1293220&GUID=00CC0F13-1043-43DE-B72D-F16D360CCBD6 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1302855&GUID=F039EAFF-4D09-48E9-89E7-11BDF629C80D&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Public Housing Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 5/14/2025 12:00 PM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3472 * Executive Budget Hearings - Public Housing Oversight Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Public Housing Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 5/14/2025 12:00 PM 5/14/2025 12:00 PM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 1 record 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3472 * Executive Budget Hearings - Public Housing Oversight Not available Not available T2025-3472 *    Executive Budget Hearings - Public Housing Oversight    Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1290016&GUID=326A64B9-268E-4828-8471-EEF8B9B391CA ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1277290&GUID=6CD32C46-756D-404B-8CF3-AD7375D3BE5B&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting has been deferred. Details Meeting Name: City Council Agenda status: Deferred Meeting date/time: 5/29/2025 Deferred Minutes status: Deferred Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Not available Please note: this meeting has been deferred. Please note: this meeting has been deferred. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: City Council Agenda status: Agenda status: Deferred Deferred Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 5/29/2025 Deferred 5/29/2025 Deferred Minutes status: Minutes status: Deferred Deferred  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Council Chambers - City Hall Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments:   Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 1 record 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Not available            Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1302689&GUID=7CA1122B-06F5-4549-9A85-AF52FFDF3319&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Aging Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 5/12/2025 12:00 PM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3447 * Executive Budget Hearings - Aging Oversight Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Aging Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 5/12/2025 12:00 PM 5/12/2025 12:00 PM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 1 record 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3447 * Executive Budget Hearings - Aging Oversight Not available Not available T2025-3447 *    Executive Budget Hearings - Aging Oversight    Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1303211&GUID=53F875DE-6C89-4793-A020-41698FD94400 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1290364&GUID=4515D3E1-42F5-4AB9-A581-BC4FC59DB705 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1293477&GUID=45D397B5-BD64-4295-B4AD-F6164A80B14D&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Meeting Name: Committee on Finance Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 4/16/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Final Meeting location: 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Minutes Meeting video: Video Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (6) 6 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available T2025-3345 * Oversight - Preparing NYC for changes in federal funding. Oversight Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available T2025-3345 * Oversight - Preparing NYC for changes in federal funding. Oversight Filed, by Committee Action details Not available Int 1263-2025 * Lincoln Restler Preconsidered Communications in adjudicative proceedings by certain public servants. Introduction This bill would amend the New York City Charter to preserve the right of former public servants to communicate with City agencies or government offices as part of an appearance in a legal proceeding in front of another agency, office, or court. Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Not available Int 1263-2025 * Lincoln Restler Communications in adjudicative proceedings by certain public servants. Introduction This bill would amend the New York City Charter to preserve the right of former public servants to communicate with City agencies or government offices as part of an appearance in a legal proceeding in front of another agency, office, or court. P-C Item Laid Over by Comm Action details Not available Not available Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Finance Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/16/2025 10:00 AM 4/16/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Final Final  Meeting location: Meeting location: 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Minutes  Meeting video: Meeting video: Video Video  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (6) Meeting Items (6) Meeting Items (6) Meeting Items (6) 6 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 6 records 6 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available T2025-3345 * Oversight - Preparing NYC for changes in federal funding. Oversight Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available T2025-3345 * Oversight - Preparing NYC for changes in federal funding. Oversight Filed, by Committee Action details Not available Int 1263-2025 * Lincoln Restler Preconsidered Communications in adjudicative proceedings by certain public servants. Introduction This bill would amend the New York City Charter to preserve the right of former public servants to communicate with City agencies or government offices as part of an appearance in a legal proceeding in front of another agency, office, or court. Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Not available Int 1263-2025 * Lincoln Restler Communications in adjudicative proceedings by certain public servants. Introduction This bill would amend the New York City Charter to preserve the right of former public servants to communicate with City agencies or government offices as part of an appearance in a legal proceeding in front of another agency, office, or court. P-C Item Laid Over by Comm Action details Not available Not available           Roll call Not available Not available T2025-3345 *    Oversight - Preparing NYC for changes in federal funding. Oversight  Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available T2025-3345 *    Oversight - Preparing NYC for changes in federal funding. Oversight  Filed, by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 1263-2025 * Lincoln Restler  Preconsidered Communications in adjudicative proceedings by certain public servants. Introduction This bill would amend the New York City Charter to preserve the right of former public servants to communicate with City agencies or government offices as part of an appearance in a legal proceeding in front of another agency, office, or court. Hearing on P-C Item by Comm  Action details Not available Not available Int 1263-2025 * Lincoln Restler   Communications in adjudicative proceedings by certain public servants. Introduction This bill would amend the New York City Charter to preserve the right of former public servants to communicate with City agencies or government offices as part of an appearance in a legal proceeding in front of another agency, office, or court. P-C Item Laid Over by Comm  Action details Not available Not available            Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1294313&GUID=28F06340-D8E8-4A9A-A1F1-3890C41961BF ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1302695&GUID=E6461702-7344-4251-9A13-7453F2F1D90E&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Finance Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 5/16/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on General Welfare. Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3452 * Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Oversight Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Finance Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 5/16/2025 10:00 AM 5/16/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on General Welfare. Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on General Welfare. Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 1 record 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3452 * Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Oversight Not available Not available T2025-3452 *    Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Oversight    Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=M&ID=1292839&GUID=8F874858-6309-4610-9688-AE69E3584375 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=M&ID=1282454&GUID=E7B73950-D266-4C33-85C8-7DF672F0BAA7 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1293479&GUID=5FBC2DFE-3656-45F2-A1EF-573FDF2464E9&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Meeting Name: Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 4/16/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Final Meeting location: 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with the Committee on Finance. Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Minutes Meeting video: Video Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (6) 6 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available T2025-3346 * Oversight - Preparing NYC for changes in federal funding. Oversight Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available T2025-3346 * Oversight - Preparing NYC for changes in federal funding. Oversight Filed, by Committee Action details Not available Int 1263-2025 * Lincoln Restler Preconsidered Communications in adjudicative proceedings by certain public servants. Introduction This bill would amend the New York City Charter to preserve the right of former public servants to communicate with City agencies or government offices as part of an appearance in a legal proceeding in front of another agency, office, or court. Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Not available Int 1263-2025 * Lincoln Restler Communications in adjudicative proceedings by certain public servants. Introduction This bill would amend the New York City Charter to preserve the right of former public servants to communicate with City agencies or government offices as part of an appearance in a legal proceeding in front of another agency, office, or court. P-C Item Laid Over by Comm Action details Not available Not available Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 4/16/2025 10:00 AM 4/16/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Final Final  Meeting location: Meeting location: 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with the Committee on Finance. 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with the Committee on Finance. Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Minutes  Meeting video: Meeting video: Video Video  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (6) Meeting Items (6) Meeting Items (6) Meeting Items (6) 6 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 6 records 6 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Roll call Not available T2025-3346 * Oversight - Preparing NYC for changes in federal funding. Oversight Hearing Held by Committee Action details Not available T2025-3346 * Oversight - Preparing NYC for changes in federal funding. Oversight Filed, by Committee Action details Not available Int 1263-2025 * Lincoln Restler Preconsidered Communications in adjudicative proceedings by certain public servants. Introduction This bill would amend the New York City Charter to preserve the right of former public servants to communicate with City agencies or government offices as part of an appearance in a legal proceeding in front of another agency, office, or court. Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Not available Int 1263-2025 * Lincoln Restler Communications in adjudicative proceedings by certain public servants. Introduction This bill would amend the New York City Charter to preserve the right of former public servants to communicate with City agencies or government offices as part of an appearance in a legal proceeding in front of another agency, office, or court. P-C Item Laid Over by Comm Action details Not available Not available           Roll call Not available Not available T2025-3346 *    Oversight - Preparing NYC for changes in federal funding. Oversight  Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Not available Not available T2025-3346 *    Oversight - Preparing NYC for changes in federal funding. Oversight  Filed, by Committee  Action details Not available Not available Int 1263-2025 * Lincoln Restler  Preconsidered Communications in adjudicative proceedings by certain public servants. Introduction This bill would amend the New York City Charter to preserve the right of former public servants to communicate with City agencies or government offices as part of an appearance in a legal proceeding in front of another agency, office, or court. Hearing on P-C Item by Comm  Action details Not available Not available Int 1263-2025 * Lincoln Restler   Communications in adjudicative proceedings by certain public servants. Introduction This bill would amend the New York City Charter to preserve the right of former public servants to communicate with City agencies or government offices as part of an appearance in a legal proceeding in front of another agency, office, or court. P-C Item Laid Over by Comm  Action details Not available Not available            Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1294476&GUID=F7152D43-AF99-4B66-B23B-226F334DDF56 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1302854&GUID=9E96EC55-D70C-4F80-A95D-24532286B414&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Housing and Buildings Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 5/14/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3471 * Executive Budget Hearings - Housing and Buildings Oversight Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Housing and Buildings Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 5/14/2025 10:00 AM 5/14/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 1 record 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3471 * Executive Budget Hearings - Housing and Buildings Oversight Not available Not available T2025-3471 *    Executive Budget Hearings - Housing and Buildings Oversight    Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1283804&GUID=5F14FA65-A2EF-4DFC-AB50-047ADCCFB9B0 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1302713&GUID=2BD9766B-8263-4925-B417-E25AC8C88864 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1293236&GUID=45E6C021-3860-4879-9DF2-21D0F959634A ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1283468&GUID=22ACA77C-206F-48AB-88DC-4EB514E98D0D ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1294720&GUID=C8B09A76-7844-4266-9433-1F6E068B8986 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1302685&GUID=1FD966DB-5A2C-4E5E-AD92-DB1E11CE0804 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov#2025-04-08 ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## List View List View List View List View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Search: Search:  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive)  select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive) notes closed captions notes closed captions  *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. Help 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 845 records 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 City Council Stated Meeting 9/25/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 9/18/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 8/14/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 7/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/30/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 6/26/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Cooling centers. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/11/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/29/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Public Safety. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Safety Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/28/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Immigration 5/27/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Immigration Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Criminal Justice and the Committee on Immigration. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Criminal Justice 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Criminal Justice Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Health Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Hospitals Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Education. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Children and Youth Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on General Welfare. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on General Welfare 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - General Welfare Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 5/15/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Higher Education and the Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Higher Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Housing 5/14/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Housing Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Housing and Buildings and the Committee on Public Housing. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Housing and Buildings Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/13/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Parks and Recreation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Transportation and Infrastructure Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Parks and Recreation and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Aging 5/12/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Aging Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management and the Committee on Aging. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/6/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/1/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Establishing exemptions for third-party food delivery services from the limits on fees charged by such services on food service establishments. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Wildfire mitigation strategic planning report to mitigate wildfires in parks under the jurisdiction of the department of parks and recreation. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/1/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/1/2025   9:00 AM 9:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the department of education to report on school librarians and library access in New York city public schools. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/30/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Land Use 4/30/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Contracts 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Contracts Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Public Meeting Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 4/29/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Oversight - Removing Small Financial Barriers for CUNY Students. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Technology 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Veterans 4/28/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 4/24/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* New York City health care institutions to contract with industrial laundry companies that respect workers’ legal rights and adhere to area standards for wages and benefits. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Economic Development 4/24/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/24/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Veterans 4/23/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/23/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Land Use 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/17/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Women and Gender Equity. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil Service and Labor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Criminal Justice 4/16/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Aging 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with the Committee on Finance. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Immigration 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Immigration Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Housing 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Security Guards, Fire Guards, and NYCHA’s Oversight of Contractors. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video City Council Stated Meeting 4/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Technology 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the 311 customer service center to provide certain resources in response to tree pruning-related requests. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Fire and Emergency Management 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Flash flood preparedness outreach and evacuation guidance. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Long-term citywide bathroom strategy and to make other technical changes. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/10/2025   10:45 AM 10:45 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor VOTE* Prioritization of maintenance of trees adjacent to buildings and structures. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Safety 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/10/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/10/2025   9:30 AM 9:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video  previous day next day today Calendar Title and navigation Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << April 2025 S M T W T F S 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 April 2025   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30           Day Day Week Week Month Timeline Timeline Apr, 2025 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1288606&GUID=F217390F-C2B8-4778-81A5-1DC49BFD5D57 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1290016&GUID=326A64B9-268E-4828-8471-EEF8B9B391CA ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1294398&GUID=025ED5E7-8223-49B7-B9A9-089285A7D76D ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1302877&GUID=1057C13D-4B84-4FFC-B521-8D714731BA33 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1293826&GUID=306BE396-0854-418A-B419-39C57722A70F ---


--- 3rd Level Page: http://council.nyc.gov/ ---
New York City Council Search for:   Find My District Budget Committees Land Use Legislation Press Releases Translate this page Google Translate As Trump Threatens Trans and Gender Non-Conforming New Yorkers, Council Votes to Protect Civil Rights and Healthcare Access Council Releases Report on Challenges with Outdoor Dining Laws and Policies Council Launches Agency Report Card Initiative to Strengthen Government Accountability Speaker Adams, Council Leaders, Advocates, and Healthcare Workers Continue Call for Sustained Action to End Maternal Mortality NYC Council Outlines Solutions to Close Rikers Island, Following Report by Lippman Commission Council Releases Plan to Help Trump-Proof New York City Council Files Lawsuit to Stop Mayor Adams’ Illegal Executive Order Allowing ICE to Set Up Office at Rikers Read New York City Council’s FY26 Preliminary Budget Response Council Votes to Reform Scaffolding Rules to Reduce Their Presence, Improving Public Safety and NYC’s Streetscapes Speaker Adams, Rising Ground Open New East Flatbush Trauma Recovery Center to Serve Crime Victims Speaker Adrienne Adams Fourth State of the City Address UPCOMING LEGISLATIVE HEARINGS View the hearing calendar and video archive here Register to testify at one of our upcoming hearings LIVE VIDEO FEED Select a stream: CITY HALL/ COUNCIL CHAMBERS Virtual Room 1 Virtual Room 2 Virtual Room 3 Virtual Room 4 Virtual Room 5 Virtual Room 6 CITY HALL/ CMTE ROOM 250 BWAY/ 14th FL ROOM 250 BWAY/ 16th FL ROOM LIVE VIDEO FEED Select a stream:  CITY HALL/ COUNCIL CHAMBERS CITY HALL/ Virtual Room 1 Virtual Room 2 Virtual Room 3 Virtual Room 4 Virtual Room 5 Virtual Room 6 CITY HALL/ CMTE ROOM CITY HALL/ 250 BWAY/ 14th FL ROOM 250 BWAY/ 250 BWAY/ 16th FL ROOM 250 BWAY/ Visit the Council We're located at New York City Hall. Council Members each have an office at 250 Broadway , as well as offices in each of their districts. We want to hear from you You can reach us via social media, email, paper mail, or at your district office. For issues specific to a neighborhood, it's best to contact the Council Member representing that community. Have questions, comments or feedback? Email us here.        About Events What we do Caucuses Visit the Council District Info Job Opportunities Collective Bargaining Agreement Subscribe for Updates Our Privacy Policy Legislation Our Legislative Process Register to Testify Hearing Calendar and Video Archive Search legislation Legislative API Data Press & News Submit a “Freedom of Information Law” (FOIL) Request Press Releases Photos Past Featured Content Videos Media Inquiries For media inquiries, please contact press@council.nyc.gov Accessibility Read our Accessibility Statement  General Inquiries Error: Contact form not found. ×

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1302692&GUID=C02A9B09-AD3F-456C-8D6A-29B9836FEDD8&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Hospitals Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 5/22/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3448 * Executive Budget Hearings - Hospitals Oversight Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Hospitals Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 5/22/2025 10:00 AM 5/22/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 1 record 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3448 * Executive Budget Hearings - Hospitals Oversight Not available Not available T2025-3448 *    Executive Budget Hearings - Hospitals Oversight    Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=M&ID=1288980&GUID=9DFFEFE2-FAA9-4FC1-B0A5-991308AFE410 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1289303&GUID=CF701F37-19DD-4B03-9725-2CFF856F3CF5 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1290358&GUID=B9209161-9DD0-4F0D-A43A-9CCC7C9DD15B&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: City Council Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 7/10/2025 1:30 PM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: City Council Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 7/10/2025 1:30 PM 7/10/2025 1:30 PM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Council Chambers - City Hall Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments:   Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 1 record 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Not available Not available           Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1302679&GUID=AD2F94F5-FD39-47D8-98E1-100D83C77F77&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: Committee on Finance Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 5/30/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3444 * Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Oversight Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: Committee on Finance Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 5/30/2025 10:00 AM 5/30/2025 10:00 AM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Council Chambers - City Hall Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments: CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS CLICK ANY FILE # BELOW (in blue) TO ACCESS LEGISLATION AND ATTACHMENTS Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 1 record 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia T2025-3444 * Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Oversight Not available Not available T2025-3444 *    Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Oversight    Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1302695&GUID=E6461702-7344-4251-9A13-7453F2F1D90E ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/MeetingDetail.aspx?ID=1290357&GUID=4D370A75-CEE4-4B23-857C-8EF2C6ABB479&Options=info|&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Meeting Name: City Council Agenda status: Final Meeting date/time: 6/30/2025 1:30 PM Minutes status: Draft Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Not available Meeting video: Not available Attachments: Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Not available Not available Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Please note: this meeting's minutes have not been finalized yet. Actions taken on legislation and their results are not available. Details Details Details Details Meeting Name: Meeting Name: City Council Agenda status: Agenda status: Final Final Meeting date/time: Meeting date/time: 6/30/2025 1:30 PM 6/30/2025 1:30 PM Minutes status: Minutes status: Draft Draft  Meeting location: Meeting location: Council Chambers - City Hall Council Chambers - City Hall Published agenda: Published agenda: Agenda Published minutes: Published minutes: Not available  Meeting video: Meeting video: Not available Not available  Attachments: Attachments:   Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) Meeting Items (1) 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items 1 record 1 record Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Result Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Type Group by Type Group by Result Group by Result Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Show: All agenda items Legislation only All agenda items Show: All agenda items Legislation only Legislation only All agenda items All agenda items File # Ver. Prime Sponsor Agenda # Agenda Note Name Type Summary Action Result Action Details Multimedia Not available Not available           Not available Not available Not available

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1302878&GUID=08B18AB1-06FE-4043-A10B-C3B5CE8791E2 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1297219&GUID=8B05C649-F986-4A99-9657-3FB882434FC6 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=A&ID=1302691&GUID=C46BD579-4197-4A54-9706-FBE779C9A0D2 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://www.essentialaccessibility.com/new-york-city-council/?utm_source=newyorkcitycouncilhomepage&utm_medium=iconlarge&utm_term=eachannelpage&utm_content=header&utm_campaign=newyorkcitycouncil ---
Company Logo to go to home page Level Access Solution for people at New York City Council Level Access Solution for people at New York City Council New York City Council is committed to digital accessibility . New York City Council is proud to partner with Level Access to ensure our website is accessible and functional for all our customers while providing free assistive technology for people with physical disabilities. View New York City Council‘s  accessibility statement . What is it? Who is it for? How does it work? What is it? The technology is a suite of keyboard, mouse and touch replacement solutions designed to make the digital world accessible to people with physical disabilities . The application features tools such as: Hands-free mouse Voice commands Visual click assist On-screen keyboard Text-to-speech Easy to use and can be activated quickly Who is it for? People who have trouble typing, moving a mouse or reading due to a variety of conditions such as: Stroke/paralysis Arthritis Multiple Sclerosis (MS) Parkinson's disease Cerebral Palsy (CP) Dyslexia Mild visual impairment Limited proficiency in English Literacy deficiencies Other learning or reading issues How does it work? The assistive technology is available for Windows, Mac, and Android devices. Learn more about the system requirements and user guides . Level Access’s innovative assistive technology application enhances the customer experience for people with disabilities. Accessibility is the process of creating experiences that are usable by people with the widest possible range of abilities. This doesn’t only refer to people with disabilities, about 15% of the world’s population, but all people. Share Follow Level Access on LinkedIn Follow Level Access on LinkedIn Like Level Access on Facebook Like Level Access on Facebook Follow Level Access on X Follow Level Access on X Level Access Values Privacy Policy Terms of Service © 2025 Level Access . All rights reserved. © 2025 Level Access . Thank you for downloading our free assistive technology. Download our free assistive technology For support of the assistive technology, please contact Level Access: support@essentialaccessibility.com 1 (866) 333-3909 Close download modal dialog Back to top

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/View.ashx?M=IC&ID=1294261&GUID=3EBA43BB-48B4-4A89-9EA0-F957139731B5 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://council.nyc.gov/testify/ ---
New York City Council Search for:   Find My District Budget Committees Land Use Legislation Press Releases Translate this page Google Translate Hearing Testimony Registration Read the Council’s Remote Attendance Policy To view and submit testimony for upcoming hearings held by the Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises and the Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings, and Dispositions , please visit the Land Use web page . For non-Land Use Committees of the New York City Council : Members of the public can sign up to testify at virtual public hearings via Zoom Web, Zoom Phone, or in-person. Written testimony may be submitted up to 72 hours after hearing has been adjourned. Those in remote attendance are subject to the Council’s Remote Attendance Policy . Please be advised that any personal information you provide in your comment or testimony will be publicly available and will remain part of the public record. A certain amount of personal information is required to submit testimony. If you do not wish personal information beyond that which is required to be made public on the record, do not include it in your comments or testimony. Furthermore, do not provide anyone else’s personal information unless you have their express permission in advance to do so. Please note that the personal information you provide on this form may be used by the City Council for other governmental purposes. The City Council will not play pre-recorded testimony from members of the public at our hearings. The City Council only accepts written testimony submitted in a commonly available file format (including .doc, .rtf, .txt and.pdf) up to 72 hours after the hearing has been closed. Links to video or audio files may be included in the written testimony, provided that a transcript of each such video/audio file also be included in such testimony. For questions about accessibility or to request  ASL, CART, or any other accommodations please contact EEO Officer at EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or call (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. If you need non-English language interpretation, please email translationservice@council.nyc.gov , at least three (3) business days before the hearing. Please include the following information in your email: Name and date of the hearing Your full name, telephone number, and email address In-person hearings do not require pre-registration. For all other questions reference hearings, email hearings@council.nyc.gov or call 212-482-4219 . All individuals who wish to testify in person at City Hall must adhere to the following COVID-19 safety protocols: Properly wear a face covering at all times while in City Hall; Maintain physical distancing of 6 feet from others at all times except when not feasible in limited circumstances; and Complete a COVID-19 health screening questionnaire, which will be posted at the entrance to City Hall, prior to entering the building. * = Required field How will you be testifying? * —Please choose an option— Testifying in-person Testifying via Zoom (web) Testifying via Zoom (phone) Submitting written testimony Will you require an accommodation for your testimony? * None ASL CART Foreign Language Interpreter Select your language —Please choose an option— Arabic Bengali Chinese (Mandarin) Chinese (Cantonese) Creole French Fulani Korean Polish Pular Russian Spanish Urdu Wolof Other If "Other", please specify Full Name * Your Email * Phone Number * The number you will be calling from. We use this to verify your identity. Select a hearing * —Please choose an option— Subject of testimony * Organization Self Other If other, please specify: Upload your testimony DOC, DOCX, PDF only Max upload limit: 10 MB Δ Hearing Testimony Registration For non-Land Use Committees of the New York City Council : Members of the public can sign up to testify at virtual public hearings via Zoom Web, Zoom Phone, or in-person. Written testimony may be submitted up to 72 hours after hearing has been adjourned. Those in remote attendance are subject to the Council’s Remote Attendance Policy . Please be advised that any personal information you provide in your comment or testimony will be publicly available and will remain part of the public record. A certain amount of personal information is required to submit testimony. If you do not wish personal information beyond that which is required to be made public on the record, do not include it in your comments or testimony. Furthermore, do not provide anyone else’s personal information unless you have their express permission in advance to do so. Please note that the personal information you provide on this form may be used by the City Council for other governmental purposes. The City Council will not play pre-recorded testimony from members of the public at our hearings. The City Council only accepts written testimony submitted in a commonly available file format (including .doc, .rtf, .txt and.pdf) up to 72 hours after the hearing has been closed. Links to video or audio files may be included in the written testimony, provided that a transcript of each such video/audio file also be included in such testimony. For questions about accessibility or to request  ASL, CART, or any other accommodations please contact EEO Officer at EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or call (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. If you need non-English language interpretation, please email translationservice@council.nyc.gov , at least three (3) business days before the hearing. Please include the following information in your email: Name and date of the hearing Your full name, telephone number, and email address In-person hearings do not require pre-registration. For all other questions reference hearings, email hearings@council.nyc.gov or call 212-482-4219 . All individuals who wish to testify in person at City Hall must adhere to the following COVID-19 safety protocols: Properly wear a face covering at all times while in City Hall; Maintain physical distancing of 6 feet from others at all times except when not feasible in limited circumstances; and Complete a COVID-19 health screening questionnaire, which will be posted at the entrance to City Hall, prior to entering the building. * How will you be testifying? * —Please choose an option— Testifying in-person Testifying via Zoom (web) Testifying via Zoom (phone) Submitting written testimony Will you require an accommodation for your testimony? * None ASL CART Foreign Language Interpreter Select your language —Please choose an option— Arabic Bengali Chinese (Mandarin) Chinese (Cantonese) Creole French Fulani Korean Polish Pular Russian Spanish Urdu Wolof Other If "Other", please specify Full Name * Your Email * Phone Number * The number you will be calling from. We use this to verify your identity. Select a hearing * —Please choose an option— Subject of testimony * Organization Self Other If other, please specify: Upload your testimony DOC, DOCX, PDF only Max upload limit: 10 MB Δ  How will you be testifying? * —Please choose an option— Testifying in-person Testifying via Zoom (web) Testifying via Zoom (phone) Submitting written testimony * —Please choose an option— Testifying in-person Testifying via Zoom (web) Testifying via Zoom (phone) Submitting written testimony Will you require an accommodation for your testimony? * None ASL CART Foreign Language Interpreter * None ASL CART Foreign Language Interpreter Select your language —Please choose an option— Arabic Bengali Chinese (Mandarin) Chinese (Cantonese) Creole French Fulani Korean Polish Pular Russian Spanish Urdu Wolof Other —Please choose an option— Arabic Bengali Chinese (Mandarin) Chinese (Cantonese) Creole French Fulani Korean Polish Pular Russian Spanish Urdu Wolof Other If "Other", please specify   Full Name * *  Your Email * *  Phone Number * The number you will be calling from. We use this to verify your identity. *  Select a hearing * —Please choose an option— * —Please choose an option— Subject of testimony * *  Organization Self Other Self Other If other, please specify:  Upload your testimony DOC, DOCX, PDF only Max upload limit: 10 MB    Δ Visit the Council We're located at New York City Hall. Council Members each have an office at 250 Broadway , as well as offices in each of their districts. We want to hear from you You can reach us via social media, email, paper mail, or at your district office. For issues specific to a neighborhood, it's best to contact the Council Member representing that community. Have questions, comments or feedback? Email us here.        About Events What we do Caucuses Visit the Council District Info Job Opportunities Collective Bargaining Agreement Subscribe for Updates Our Privacy Policy Legislation Our Legislative Process Register to Testify Hearing Calendar and Video Archive Search legislation Legislative API Data Press & News Submit a “Freedom of Information Law” (FOIL) Request Press Releases Photos Past Featured Content Videos Media Inquiries For media inquiries, please contact press@council.nyc.gov Accessibility Read our Accessibility Statement  General Inquiries Error: Contact form not found. ×

--- 3rd Level Page: https://www.threads.net/@nyccouncil?hl=en ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://instagram.com/NYCCouncil ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://council.nyc.gov/legislation/wp-content/uploads/sites/55/2023/03/NYC-Bill-Drafting-Manual-2022-FINAL.pdf ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://www.google.com/maps/place/250+Broadway,+New+York,+NY+10007/@40.7129838,-74.010099,17z/data=!4m7!1m4!3m3!1s0x89c258828f59541d:0x539864ce22092177!2s250+Broadway,+New+York,+NY+10007!3b1!3m1!1s0x89c258828f59541d:0x539864ce22092177 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://council.nyc.gov/committees/ ---
New York City Council Search for:   Find My District Budget Committees Land Use Legislation Press Releases Translate this page Google Translate Committees Most of our legislative work happens in committee meetings and hearings where we discuss proposed laws, receive updates from agencies, and hear feedback from New Yorkers like you. The Council has standing committees that practice oversight of New York City functions, including human services, infrastructure, and government affairs. Each committee is headed by a Council Member (the Chair), includes at least five members, and meets at least once a month. In addition, the Council has several subcommittees, which are convened to review and make recommendations regarding topics of particular interest. After proposed legislation is heard by its appropriate committee, it is then sent to be considered by the whole Council. Each Council Member also serves on at least three of our standing committees or subcommittees. Council Members are assigned to committees through a process that the entire Council votes on. Committee on Aging Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries, and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency & Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings, and Dispositions Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities, and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges, and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Taskforce to Combat Hate Committees Most of our legislative work happens in committee meetings and hearings where we discuss proposed laws, receive updates from agencies, and hear feedback from New Yorkers like you. The Council has standing committees that practice oversight of New York City functions, including human services, infrastructure, and government affairs. Each committee is headed by a Council Member (the Chair), includes at least five members, and meets at least once a month. In addition, the Council has several subcommittees, which are convened to review and make recommendations regarding topics of particular interest.  After proposed legislation is heard by its appropriate committee, it is then sent to be considered by the whole Council. Each Council Member also serves on at least three of our standing committees or subcommittees. Council Members are assigned to committees through a process that the entire Council votes on. Committee on Aging Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries, and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency & Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings, and Dispositions Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings, and Dispositions Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities, and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges, and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Taskforce to Combat Hate Visit the Council We're located at New York City Hall. Council Members each have an office at 250 Broadway , as well as offices in each of their districts. We want to hear from you You can reach us via social media, email, paper mail, or at your district office. For issues specific to a neighborhood, it's best to contact the Council Member representing that community. Have questions, comments or feedback? Email us here.        About Events What we do Caucuses Visit the Council District Info Job Opportunities Collective Bargaining Agreement Subscribe for Updates Our Privacy Policy Legislation Our Legislative Process Register to Testify Hearing Calendar and Video Archive Search legislation Legislative API Data Press & News Submit a “Freedom of Information Law” (FOIL) Request Press Releases Photos Past Featured Content Videos Media Inquiries For media inquiries, please contact press@council.nyc.gov Accessibility Read our Accessibility Statement  General Inquiries Error: Contact form not found. ×

--- 3rd Level Page: https://council.nyc.gov/budget/ ---
New York City Council Search for:   Find My District Budget Committees Land Use Legislation Press Releases Translate this page Google Translate The City Budget New York City runs on billions of dollars. How public funds are distributed affects our city's operations, services, construction, and so much more. FY2026 FY2025 FY2024 FY2023 FY2022 FY2021 FY2020 FY2019 FY2018 FY2017 FY2016 FY2015 FY2014 FY2013 FY2012 FY2011 FY2010 FY2009 FY2008 Fiscal Year 2026 Preliminary Budget Response The New York City Council presents its response to the Mayor’s Fiscal 2026 Preliminary Financial Plan (Preliminary Plan) and the Fiscal Year 2025 Preliminary Mayor’s Management Report. Read the FY26 Preliminary Budget Response Fiscal Year 2026 Discretionary Funding Expense Application Filing Period Please be advised that all not-for-profit community-based organizations that wish to apply for discretionary funding for FY2026 must submit a Council Application. The FY2026 application will be posted on the Council’s website at this location on Monday, January 6th, 2025 and the submission deadline will be on Wednesday, February 19th, 2025 . Apply for FY2026 Discretionary Funding Access Submitted and In-Progress Applications Also, please note that if an application is not submitted within the filing period, the community-based organization will not be eligible for funding. Click here to watch the Fiscal Year 2025 Discretionary Budget Training Video. For any issues or questions regarding the FY 2026 application, please contact discretionary@council.nyc.gov FY2026 Capital Funding for Non-City Organizations Non-City organizations applying for Fiscal Year 2026 capital funding may now download and submit applications at the CapGrants portal . All groups should submit their completed applications through this portal. Groups designated All Other, Charter School, or Housing organizations, may view and download their applications on the CapGrants page. If your group represents a non-DOE school or community-based organization, please use the form. Cultural organizations may view and download their applications via the Department of Cultural Affairs Capital Funding page . Your group should still submit completed applications through the CapGrants portal. Application deadlines vary depending on the source of the funding your group has requested. Thursday, February 20, 2025, 5:00pm: applies if your project requests any funding from Borough Presidents (including those groups that are also requesting funding from the Council or Department of Cultural Affairs) Thursday, March 20, 2025, 5:00pm: applies if your project is only requesting funding from the Council and/or the Department of Cultural Affairs FY25 Preliminary Budget Response (PDF) The New York City Council presents its response to the Mayor’s Fiscal Year 2025 Preliminary Budget and the Fiscal Year 2024 Preliminary Mayor’s Management Report. The Council’s response balances the need to place the City on a stronger foundation to address its major challenges, save key program funding, and prepare for economic uncertainties and risks. Read the Council’s FY25 Preliminary Budget Response . 2024 State Budget Priorities (PDF) The New York City Council presents the following budget priorities for the State Fiscal Year 2025 Budget to help ensure New York City receives the equitable and necessary support for its health, safety, and success. Read the Council’s 2024 State Budget Priorities . February 2024 Economic and Tax Revenue Forecast (PDF) Read the Council’s February 2024 Economic and Tax Revenue Forecast , prepared by the Revenue & Economics Unit. How the budget works The Expense Budget covers the costs of running our city. It pays for the sanitation worker who picks up your garbage, and powers the lights at your local library. Funds are set aside to operate each city agency. This also includes the Debt Service, the City’s annual loan payment for long‑term Capital Projects for which the City borrows State & Federal money. The Capital Budget covers larger long‑term investments in facilities & infrastructure, or Capital Projects. Examples include the construction of public schools, street maintenance, and parks improvements. The Revenue Budget outlines money expected from taxes, State & Federal aid, and other sources of revenue. It determines the maximum amount in the Expense Budget, as the City is required to have a balanced budget. The Budget Process Finance Committee The Council’s Finance Committee plays an important role in the budget negotiating process by advocating for the needs of New Yorkers and overseeing the hearing process. The current Chair of the Finance Committee is Council Member Justin Brannan . Finance Division The Council’s Finance Division is a team of analysts, attorneys, economists, and administrative staff who provide Council Members with research on budgetary actions and their fiscal impact. They also work with Council Members to monitor and evaluate agency spending. Curious about how the budget is approved? When does the process begin? What’s the role of the Council and the Mayor? Learn about the budget process . FY2026 FY2025 FY2024 FY2023 FY2022 FY2021 FY2020 FY2019 FY2018 FY2017 FY2016 FY2015 FY2014 FY2013 FY2012 FY2011 FY2010 FY2009 FY2008 Fiscal Year 2026 Preliminary Budget Response The New York City Council presents its response to the Mayor’s Fiscal 2026 Preliminary Financial Plan (Preliminary Plan) and the Fiscal Year 2025 Preliminary Mayor’s Management Report. Read the FY26 Preliminary Budget Response Fiscal Year 2026 Discretionary Funding Expense Application Filing Period Please be advised that all not-for-profit community-based organizations that wish to apply for discretionary funding for FY2026 must submit a Council Application. The FY2026 application will be posted on the Council’s website at this location on Monday, January 6th, 2025 and the submission deadline will be on Wednesday, February 19th, 2025 . Apply for FY2026 Discretionary Funding Access Submitted and In-Progress Applications Also, please note that if an application is not submitted within the filing period, the community-based organization will not be eligible for funding. Click here to watch the Fiscal Year 2025 Discretionary Budget Training Video. For any issues or questions regarding the FY 2026 application, please contact discretionary@council.nyc.gov FY2026 Capital Funding for Non-City Organizations Non-City organizations applying for Fiscal Year 2026 capital funding may now download and submit applications at the CapGrants portal . All groups should submit their completed applications through this portal. Groups designated All Other, Charter School, or Housing organizations, may view and download their applications on the CapGrants page. If your group represents a non-DOE school or community-based organization, please use the form. Cultural organizations may view and download their applications via the Department of Cultural Affairs Capital Funding page . Your group should still submit completed applications through the CapGrants portal. Application deadlines vary depending on the source of the funding your group has requested. Thursday, February 20, 2025, 5:00pm: applies if your project requests any funding from Borough Presidents (including those groups that are also requesting funding from the Council or Department of Cultural Affairs) Thursday, March 20, 2025, 5:00pm: applies if your project is only requesting funding from the Council and/or the Department of Cultural Affairs FY25 Preliminary Budget Response (PDF) The New York City Council presents its response to the Mayor’s Fiscal Year 2025 Preliminary Budget and the Fiscal Year 2024 Preliminary Mayor’s Management Report. The Council’s response balances the need to place the City on a stronger foundation to address its major challenges, save key program funding, and prepare for economic uncertainties and risks. Read the Council’s FY25 Preliminary Budget Response . 2024 State Budget Priorities (PDF) The New York City Council presents the following budget priorities for the State Fiscal Year 2025 Budget to help ensure New York City receives the equitable and necessary support for its health, safety, and success. Read the Council’s 2024 State Budget Priorities . February 2024 Economic and Tax Revenue Forecast (PDF) Read the Council’s February 2024 Economic and Tax Revenue Forecast , prepared by the Revenue & Economics Unit. How the budget works The Expense Budget covers the costs of running our city. It pays for the sanitation worker who picks up your garbage, and powers the lights at your local library. Funds are set aside to operate each city agency. This also includes the Debt Service, the City’s annual loan payment for long‑term Capital Projects for which the City borrows State & Federal money. The Capital Budget covers larger long‑term investments in facilities & infrastructure, or Capital Projects. Examples include the construction of public schools, street maintenance, and parks improvements. The Revenue Budget outlines money expected from taxes, State & Federal aid, and other sources of revenue. It determines the maximum amount in the Expense Budget, as the City is required to have a balanced budget. The Budget Process  Finance Committee The Council’s Finance Committee plays an important role in the budget negotiating process by advocating for the needs of New Yorkers and overseeing the hearing process. The current Chair of the Finance Committee is Council Member Justin Brannan . Finance Division The Council’s Finance Division is a team of analysts, attorneys, economists, and administrative staff who provide Council Members with research on budgetary actions and their fiscal impact. They also work with Council Members to monitor and evaluate agency spending. Curious about how the budget is approved? When does the process begin? What’s the role of the Council and the Mayor? Learn about the budget process . Fiscal 2025 City-Wide Initiative Reporting Initiative Reporting Forms Discretionary funds database Search Expense Funding Search Capital Funding Download Data (NYC OpenData) Recent budget news Download the FY2026 Discretionary Funding Policies and Procedures January 23, 2025 January 23, 2025 Fiscal Year 2026 Capital Funding for Non-City Organizations January 16, 2025 January 16, 2025 Fiscal Year 2026 Discretionary Funding Expense Application Filing Period January 3, 2025 January 3, 2025 Download the FY2025 Discretionary Funding Policies and Procedures January 10, 2024 January 10, 2024 Fiscal Year 2025 Discretionary Funding Expense Application Filing Period January 4, 2024 January 4, 2024 Search budget news & information Search for: Visit the Council We're located at New York City Hall. Council Members each have an office at 250 Broadway , as well as offices in each of their districts. We want to hear from you You can reach us via social media, email, paper mail, or at your district office. For issues specific to a neighborhood, it's best to contact the Council Member representing that community. Have questions, comments or feedback? Email us here.        About Events What we do Caucuses Visit the Council District Info Job Opportunities Collective Bargaining Agreement Subscribe for Updates Our Privacy Policy Legislation Our Legislative Process Register to Testify Hearing Calendar and Video Archive Search legislation Legislative API Data Press & News Submit a “Freedom of Information Law” (FOIL) Request Press Releases Photos Past Featured Content Videos Media Inquiries For media inquiries, please contact press@council.nyc.gov Accessibility Read our Accessibility Statement  General Inquiries Error: Contact form not found. ×

--- 3rd Level Page: https://council.nyc.gov/ ---
New York City Council Search for:   Find My District Budget Committees Land Use Legislation Press Releases Translate this page Google Translate As Trump Threatens Trans and Gender Non-Conforming New Yorkers, Council Votes to Protect Civil Rights and Healthcare Access Council Releases Report on Challenges with Outdoor Dining Laws and Policies Council Launches Agency Report Card Initiative to Strengthen Government Accountability Speaker Adams, Council Leaders, Advocates, and Healthcare Workers Continue Call for Sustained Action to End Maternal Mortality NYC Council Outlines Solutions to Close Rikers Island, Following Report by Lippman Commission Council Releases Plan to Help Trump-Proof New York City Council Files Lawsuit to Stop Mayor Adams’ Illegal Executive Order Allowing ICE to Set Up Office at Rikers Read New York City Council’s FY26 Preliminary Budget Response Council Votes to Reform Scaffolding Rules to Reduce Their Presence, Improving Public Safety and NYC’s Streetscapes Speaker Adams, Rising Ground Open New East Flatbush Trauma Recovery Center to Serve Crime Victims Speaker Adrienne Adams Fourth State of the City Address UPCOMING LEGISLATIVE HEARINGS View the hearing calendar and video archive here Register to testify at one of our upcoming hearings LIVE VIDEO FEED Select a stream: CITY HALL/ COUNCIL CHAMBERS Virtual Room 1 Virtual Room 2 Virtual Room 3 Virtual Room 4 Virtual Room 5 Virtual Room 6 CITY HALL/ CMTE ROOM 250 BWAY/ 14th FL ROOM 250 BWAY/ 16th FL ROOM LIVE VIDEO FEED Select a stream:  CITY HALL/ COUNCIL CHAMBERS CITY HALL/ Virtual Room 1 Virtual Room 2 Virtual Room 3 Virtual Room 4 Virtual Room 5 Virtual Room 6 CITY HALL/ CMTE ROOM CITY HALL/ 250 BWAY/ 14th FL ROOM 250 BWAY/ 250 BWAY/ 16th FL ROOM 250 BWAY/ Visit the Council We're located at New York City Hall. Council Members each have an office at 250 Broadway , as well as offices in each of their districts. We want to hear from you You can reach us via social media, email, paper mail, or at your district office. For issues specific to a neighborhood, it's best to contact the Council Member representing that community. Have questions, comments or feedback? Email us here.        About Events What we do Caucuses Visit the Council District Info Job Opportunities Collective Bargaining Agreement Subscribe for Updates Our Privacy Policy Legislation Our Legislative Process Register to Testify Hearing Calendar and Video Archive Search legislation Legislative API Data Press & News Submit a “Freedom of Information Law” (FOIL) Request Press Releases Photos Past Featured Content Videos Media Inquiries For media inquiries, please contact press@council.nyc.gov Accessibility Read our Accessibility Statement  General Inquiries Error: Contact form not found. ×

--- 3rd Level Page: https://council.nyc.gov/foil-request/ ---
New York City Council Search for:   Find My District Budget Committees Land Use Legislation Press Releases Translate this page Google Translate Submit a “Freedom of Information Law” request Thank you for your interest in submitting  a Freedom of Information Law Request to the New York City Council. Due to the state of emergency related to COVID 19, it is  strongly recommended that the best means of submitting a request is electronically to the e-mail addresses below: FOIL Requests dbarbato@council.nyc.gov Although requests may be sent by mail to the address below, please keep in mind that due to office closings and other COVID-19 related issues, response times to such requests received in hard copy format may experience additional delays. Danielle Barbato, FOIL Officer Office of the General Counsel 250 Broadway, 15th Floor New York , New York 10007 Submit a “Freedom of Information Law” request Thank you for your interest in submitting  a Freedom of Information Law Request to the New York City Council. Due to the state of emergency related to COVID 19, it is  strongly recommended that the best means of submitting a request is electronically to the e-mail addresses below: FOIL Requests dbarbato@council.nyc.gov Although requests may be sent by mail to the address below, please keep in mind that due to office closings and other COVID-19 related issues, response times to such requests received in hard copy format may experience additional delays. Danielle Barbato, FOIL Officer Office of the General Counsel 250 Broadway, 15th Floor New York , New York 10007 Visit the Council We're located at New York City Hall. Council Members each have an office at 250 Broadway , as well as offices in each of their districts. We want to hear from you You can reach us via social media, email, paper mail, or at your district office. For issues specific to a neighborhood, it's best to contact the Council Member representing that community. Have questions, comments or feedback? Email us here.        About Events What we do Caucuses Visit the Council District Info Job Opportunities Collective Bargaining Agreement Subscribe for Updates Our Privacy Policy Legislation Our Legislative Process Register to Testify Hearing Calendar and Video Archive Search legislation Legislative API Data Press & News Submit a “Freedom of Information Law” (FOIL) Request Press Releases Photos Past Featured Content Videos Media Inquiries For media inquiries, please contact press@council.nyc.gov Accessibility Read our Accessibility Statement  General Inquiries Error: Contact form not found. ×

--- 3rd Level Page: https://council.nyc.gov/district-info/ ---
New York City Council Search for:   Find My District Budget Committees Land Use Legislation Press Releases Translate this page Google Translate District Info Learn about the issues that are important to New Yorkers in your Council District and across the city, from potholes to affordable housing to the immigrant experience and beyond. To assist Council Members and residents in understanding what is important to people in their neighborhood, we have initiated a data driven approach, to serve New Yorkers better. We have brought together a variety of data sources ( 311 , Constituent Services , Census ) to understand what New Yorkers care about and how they live in their neighborhoods and city-wide. This strategy goes hand in hand with the important intuitive and nuanced understanding Council Members and residents have about our neighborhoods, to form a fuller picture of what matters most to residents. 311 Calls and Requests NYC 311 provides access to non-emergency City services and information about City government programs. NYC 311 is available online and by phone. The most recent 311 service requests calls this year, showing the most recent 100,000 requests, can show the top call types New Yorkers have placed most recently. Click on the zoom +/- features if map fails to update. See if there is a spike in heat/hot water complaints and where they are occurring. Search to where people have made new street tree requests. Filter to see if there are any street lights out in your district. Filter requests by Council District or Community District. Click or search the topic you’re interested in under Request Type. Select the time frame you want to see at the bottom from 311 Request Date by click on dragging on date ranges. Click on individual points to get more information and a picture of the location. Source: 311 Service Requests City Council Constituent Services Top Case Type, 2018 This dataset comes from CouncilStat , an application used by many Council district offices to enter and track constituent issues that can range from affordable housing, to potholes and pedestrian safety. City Council Members are a liaison between residents and City Agencies to help solve resident issues. Click the map to see what the top Constituent Service type is for the City Council District. Click or search in the Top Constituent Casework widget to see trends across the city. Source: Constituent Services Data Housing and Buildings Landscape, 2019 Housing violations and permits issued show the landscape of housing in New York City. Housing violations show where apartments are substandard and new building permits show where a neighborhood is changing. Click the map and legend to see different features. Click and search the widgets to see where violations are located by Council District and Zip code. Sources: NYC Housing Preservation Development (HPD) Housing Violations, 2019 NYC Department of Buildings (DOB) Permit Issuance, 2019 New York City’s Languages Map by Council District In New York City, half of residents speak a language other than English at home. Understanding what languages are spoken in each Council District is important in understandings the needs of each district. Click on the tear drop for each language where different languages are spoken most in New York City. Click on a specific district to see what languages are spoken most in that Council District. Source: American Community Survey (ACS) 2015 1 year estimate data District Info Learn about the issues that are important to New Yorkers in your Council District and across the city, from potholes to affordable housing to the immigrant experience and beyond. This strategy goes hand in hand with the important intuitive and nuanced understanding Council Members and residents have about our neighborhoods, to form a fuller picture of what matters most to residents. 311 Calls and Requests The most recent 311 service requests calls this year, showing the most recent 100,000 requests, can show the top call types New Yorkers have placed most recently. Click on the zoom +/- features if map fails to update. Click or search the topic you’re interested in under Request Type. Select the time frame you want to see at the bottom from 311 Request Date by click on dragging on date ranges. Click on individual points to get more information and a picture of the location. Source: 311 Service Requests City Council Constituent Services Top Case Type, 2018 Source: Constituent Services Data Housing and Buildings Landscape, 2019  Sources:         NYC Housing Preservation Development (HPD) Housing Violations, 2019 NYC Department of Buildings (DOB) Permit Issuance, 2019  New York City’s Languages Map by Council District Source: American Community Survey (ACS) 2015 1 year estimate data Visit the Council We're located at New York City Hall. Council Members each have an office at 250 Broadway , as well as offices in each of their districts. We want to hear from you You can reach us via social media, email, paper mail, or at your district office. For issues specific to a neighborhood, it's best to contact the Council Member representing that community. Have questions, comments or feedback? Email us here.        About Events What we do Caucuses Visit the Council District Info Job Opportunities Collective Bargaining Agreement Subscribe for Updates Our Privacy Policy Legislation Our Legislative Process Register to Testify Hearing Calendar and Video Archive Search legislation Legislative API Data Press & News Submit a “Freedom of Information Law” (FOIL) Request Press Releases Photos Past Featured Content Videos Media Inquiries For media inquiries, please contact press@council.nyc.gov Accessibility Read our Accessibility Statement  General Inquiries Error: Contact form not found. ×

--- 3rd Level Page: https://council.nyc.gov/visit-the-council/ ---
New York City Council Search for:   Find My District Budget Committees Land Use Legislation Press Releases Translate this page Google Translate Visit the Council The New York City Council is located at New York City Hall . Council Members each have an office at 250 Broadway . Hearing Calendar All Council hearings are open to the public. If you would like to attend a hearing or watch it live, view the schedule here. Entering City Hall If you are visiting City Hall to attend a hearing, please come prepared to enter through NYPD security and metal detectors. When you arrive, let the NYPD know which hearing you are attending. Food, beverage containers and signs larger than 8.5” by 11” are not permitted in the hearing rooms at City Hall. Entering 250 Broadway If you are visiting 250 Broadway to attend a hearing, please bring ID and come prepared to enter through security and metal detectors. Each floor has Sergeant-at-Arms so feel free to address to them any questions or concerns you may have. Food, beverage containers and signs larger than 8.5” by 11” are not permitted in the hearing rooms at City Hall. City Hall Tours All groups who wish to tour City Hall should contact their local Council Member. Visit the Council The New York City Council is located at New York City Hall .  Council Members each have an office at 250 Broadway .  Hearing Calendar All Council hearings are open to the public. If you would like to attend a hearing or watch it live, view the schedule here. Entering City Hall If you are visiting City Hall to attend a hearing, please come prepared to enter through NYPD security and metal detectors. When you arrive, let the NYPD know which hearing you are attending. Food, beverage containers and signs larger than 8.5” by 11” are not permitted in the hearing rooms at City Hall. Entering 250 Broadway If you are visiting 250 Broadway to attend a hearing, please bring ID and come prepared to enter through security and metal detectors. Each floor has Sergeant-at-Arms so feel free to address to them any questions or concerns you may have. Food, beverage containers and signs larger than 8.5” by 11” are not permitted in the hearing rooms at City Hall. City Hall Tours All groups who wish to tour City Hall should contact their local Council Member. Visit the Council We're located at New York City Hall. Council Members each have an office at 250 Broadway , as well as offices in each of their districts. We want to hear from you You can reach us via social media, email, paper mail, or at your district office. For issues specific to a neighborhood, it's best to contact the Council Member representing that community. Have questions, comments or feedback? Email us here.        About Events What we do Caucuses Visit the Council District Info Job Opportunities Collective Bargaining Agreement Subscribe for Updates Our Privacy Policy Legislation Our Legislative Process Register to Testify Hearing Calendar and Video Archive Search legislation Legislative API Data Press & News Submit a “Freedom of Information Law” (FOIL) Request Press Releases Photos Past Featured Content Videos Media Inquiries For media inquiries, please contact press@council.nyc.gov Accessibility Read our Accessibility Statement  General Inquiries Error: Contact form not found. ×

--- 3rd Level Page: https://council.nyc.gov/events/ ---
New York City Council Search for:   Find My District Budget Committees Land Use Legislation Press Releases Translate this page Google Translate Upcoming Events The New York City Council is committed to ensuring its events are accessible to all members of the public. For general questions about accessibility, or about specific accommodations, you may contact us at accessibility@council.nyc.gov. Click here to see our past events Click here to see a list of our recurring events 29 April Apr Songkran & Thingyan Celebration 2025 April 29, 2025 at Council Chambers Event starts at 5:30 pm New York City Hall New York, NY 10007 Invitation: English RSVP FOR THIS EVENT 8 May May National Panhellenic Day at City Hall 2025 May 8, 2025 at Council Chambers Event starts at 6:00 pm New York City Hall New York, NY 10007 Invitation: English RSVP FOR THIS EVENT The New York City Council is committed to ensuring its events are accessible to all members of the public. For general questions about accessibility, or about specific accommodations, you may contact us at accessibility@council.nyc.gov. Click here to see our past events Click here to see a list of our recurring events April Apr Songkran & Thingyan Celebration 2025 May May National Panhellenic Day at City Hall 2025 Visit the Council We're located at New York City Hall. Council Members each have an office at 250 Broadway , as well as offices in each of their districts. We want to hear from you You can reach us via social media, email, paper mail, or at your district office. For issues specific to a neighborhood, it's best to contact the Council Member representing that community. Have questions, comments or feedback? Email us here.        About Events What we do Caucuses Visit the Council District Info Job Opportunities Collective Bargaining Agreement Subscribe for Updates Our Privacy Policy Legislation Our Legislative Process Register to Testify Hearing Calendar and Video Archive Search legislation Legislative API Data Press & News Submit a “Freedom of Information Law” (FOIL) Request Press Releases Photos Past Featured Content Videos Media Inquiries For media inquiries, please contact press@council.nyc.gov Accessibility Read our Accessibility Statement  General Inquiries Error: Contact form not found. ×

--- 3rd Level Page: https://council.nyc.gov/accessibility-statement/ ---
New York City Council Search for:   Find My District Budget Committees Land Use Legislation Press Releases Translate this page Google Translate New York City Council Accessibility Statement New York City Council is continually working to make its web content accessible as part of its online inclusion efforts.  We are committed to providing digital content that is built with accessibility in mind. New York City Council will make every effort to ensure any new or updated website content produced, will conform with the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) Web Accessibility Initiative’s (WAI) Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.1, Level A & AA. A cadence of Automated, Manual and Functional testing is currently being performed by a third party vendor to ensure compliance of the existing website (digital content), to detect WCAG 2.1 non-conformance, which will be corrected to the best of our ability and tested by a team of users, including people with disabilities to ensure a great user experience for all. The vendor is supporting the process by testing the web content and providing a roadmap and recommendations for remediation. Our goal is to ensure accessibility to information on the site and all digital properties. We are currently working on our website to identify potential accessibility issues and we are striving to improve the usability of these digital properties. Additionally, we provide an Assistive Technology app featured on our website for individuals who have trouble typing, gesturing, moving a mouse or reading. The app incorporates tools such as mouse and keyboard replacements, voice recognition, speech enablement, hands-free/touch-free navigation and more that empower the customer to overcome their challenges and access the New York City Council digital properties with ease. If you have difficulty accessing our website, please contact us at labs@council.nyc.gov . For all other questions or concerns regarding accessibility please contact 212-788-6936 or nbenjamin@council.nyc.gov . New York City Council Accessibility Statement New York City Council is continually working to make its web content accessible as part of its online inclusion efforts.  We are committed to providing digital content that is built with accessibility in mind. New York City Council will make every effort to ensure any new or updated website content produced, will conform with the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) Web Accessibility Initiative’s (WAI) Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.1, Level A & AA. A cadence of Automated, Manual and Functional testing is currently being performed by a third party vendor to ensure compliance of the existing website (digital content), to detect WCAG 2.1 non-conformance, which will be corrected to the best of our ability and tested by a team of users, including people with disabilities to ensure a great user experience for all. The vendor is supporting the process by testing the web content and providing a roadmap and recommendations for remediation. Our goal is to ensure accessibility to information on the site and all digital properties. We are currently working on our website to identify potential accessibility issues and we are striving to improve the usability of these digital properties. Additionally, we provide an Assistive Technology app featured on our website for individuals who have trouble typing, gesturing, moving a mouse or reading. The app incorporates tools such as mouse and keyboard replacements, voice recognition, speech enablement, hands-free/touch-free navigation and more that empower the customer to overcome their challenges and access the New York City Council digital properties with ease. If you have difficulty accessing our website, please contact us at labs@council.nyc.gov . For all other questions or concerns regarding accessibility please contact 212-788-6936 or nbenjamin@council.nyc.gov . Visit the Council We're located at New York City Hall. Council Members each have an office at 250 Broadway , as well as offices in each of their districts. We want to hear from you You can reach us via social media, email, paper mail, or at your district office. For issues specific to a neighborhood, it's best to contact the Council Member representing that community. Have questions, comments or feedback? Email us here.        About Events What we do Caucuses Visit the Council District Info Job Opportunities Collective Bargaining Agreement Subscribe for Updates Our Privacy Policy Legislation Our Legislative Process Register to Testify Hearing Calendar and Video Archive Search legislation Legislative API Data Press & News Submit a “Freedom of Information Law” (FOIL) Request Press Releases Photos Past Featured Content Videos Media Inquiries For media inquiries, please contact press@council.nyc.gov Accessibility Read our Accessibility Statement  General Inquiries Error: Contact form not found. ×

--- 3rd Level Page: https://council.nyc.gov/privacy-statement/ ---
New York City Council Search for:   Find My District Budget Committees Land Use Legislation Press Releases Translate this page Google Translate Privacy Statement The New York City Council “The Council” is committed to the protecting the privacy of our constituents. Personally Identifying Information provided to the Council including but not limited to any information concerning a natural person which, because of name, number, symbol, mark or other identifier, may be used to identify a natural person will be protected consistent with the New York City Privacy Law (link found here: https://www.ny.gov/privacy-policy ). The Council does not collect any personal information unless you provide that information voluntarily by sending hard copy correspondence, an email or initiating an online transaction. The voluntary disclosure of personal information to the New York City Council by the user whether solicited or unsolicited will be used in furtherance of conducting the work of the Council. Employees of the Council are prohibited from disclosing any information you provide, except as provided or required by court order or other law. Privacy Statement The New York City Council “The Council” is committed to the protecting the privacy of our constituents. Personally Identifying Information provided to the Council including but not limited to any information concerning a natural person which, because of name, number, symbol, mark or other identifier, may be used to identify a natural person will be protected consistent with the New York City Privacy Law (link found here: https://www.ny.gov/privacy-policy ). The Council does not collect any personal information unless you provide that information voluntarily by sending hard copy correspondence, an email or initiating an online transaction. The voluntary disclosure of personal information to the New York City Council by the user whether solicited or unsolicited will be used in furtherance of conducting the work of the Council. Employees of the Council are prohibited from disclosing any information you provide, except as provided or required by court order or other law. Visit the Council We're located at New York City Hall. Council Members each have an office at 250 Broadway , as well as offices in each of their districts. We want to hear from you You can reach us via social media, email, paper mail, or at your district office. For issues specific to a neighborhood, it's best to contact the Council Member representing that community. Have questions, comments or feedback? Email us here.        About Events What we do Caucuses Visit the Council District Info Job Opportunities Collective Bargaining Agreement Subscribe for Updates Our Privacy Policy Legislation Our Legislative Process Register to Testify Hearing Calendar and Video Archive Search legislation Legislative API Data Press & News Submit a “Freedom of Information Law” (FOIL) Request Press Releases Photos Past Featured Content Videos Media Inquiries For media inquiries, please contact press@council.nyc.gov Accessibility Read our Accessibility Statement  General Inquiries Error: Contact form not found. ×

--- 3rd Level Page: https://council.nyc.gov/data/ ---
New York City Council Search for:   Find My District Budget Committees Land Use Legislation Press Releases Translate this page Google Translate Data Team Using Data to Improve the Lives of New Yorkers About Data Team The New York City Council’s Data Team uses a data-driven approach to impact the New York City Council’s policy making process. The Data Team answers questions and informs laws about everything from public housing residents’ heat, to school bus delays, and marijuana arrests. The Data Team also uses data to conduct oversight of City Agencies. We source datasets, analyze data, build models, and create maps and dashboards to assist Council staff and Council Members to use data to make decisions. Our unique strength is in marrying data with public policy making. Contact Us Meet the Team Contribute on Github Apply to Data Jobs Access the Legislative API Inform policy decisions through maps, charts, and visualizations Analyze data to understand issues facing New Yorkers Create tools for policymakers, residents, and advocates to understand NYC policy issues Contribute to NYC Council on Twitter #NYCCData About Data Team The New York City Council’s Data Team uses a data-driven approach to impact the New York City Council’s policy making process. The Data Team answers questions and informs laws about everything from public housing residents’ heat, to school bus delays, and marijuana arrests. The Data Team also uses data to conduct oversight of City Agencies. We source datasets, analyze data, build models, and create maps and dashboards to assist Council staff and Council Members to use data to make decisions. Our unique strength is in marrying data with public policy making. Contact Us Meet the Team Contribute on Github Apply to Data Jobs Access the Legislative API Inform policy decisions through maps, charts, and visualizations Analyze data to understand issues facing New Yorkers Create tools for policymakers, residents, and advocates to understand NYC policy issues Contribute to NYC Council on Twitter #NYCCData Reports Pay Equity Law (2024 Report) Pay Equity Law (2022 Report) #ExpandHealth Interactive Pay Gaps in NYC Cure Violence in NYC Street Cleanliness in NYC Lead in NYC Homes Public Swimming Pools in NYC Emergency Food in NYC Justice in Aging Vacancies in NYCHA Properties School Bus Delays Park Equity & COVID-19 Vacant Storefronts Evaluating Diversity at the FDNY Access to Internet in NYC Search for: Visit the Council We're located at New York City Hall. Council Members each have an office at 250 Broadway , as well as offices in each of their districts. We want to hear from you You can reach us via social media, email, paper mail, or at your district office. For issues specific to a neighborhood, it's best to contact the Council Member representing that community. Have questions, comments or feedback? Email us here.        About Events What we do Caucuses Visit the Council District Info Job Opportunities Collective Bargaining Agreement Subscribe for Updates Our Privacy Policy Legislation Our Legislative Process Register to Testify Hearing Calendar and Video Archive Search legislation Legislative API Data Press & News Submit a “Freedom of Information Law” (FOIL) Request Press Releases Photos Past Featured Content Videos Media Inquiries For media inquiries, please contact press@council.nyc.gov Accessibility Read our Accessibility Statement  General Inquiries Error: Contact form not found. ×

--- 3rd Level Page: https://council.nyc.gov/districts/ ---
New York City Council Search for:   Find My District Budget Committees Land Use Legislation Press Releases Translate this page Google Translate Council Members & Districts The 51 Council districts throughout the five boroughs are each represented by an elected Council Member. Search the map. Printable View Constituent Service Data Check out our map widget to search for your Council Member/District in a map view! NOTE: The new Council district lines that were proposed in 2022 by the New York City Districting Commission and accepted without objection by the City Council are now in effect. We also have four new Members serving on the City Council. You can confirm who your local Council Member is by entering your address and borough in the field below. No. Member Borough Party Neighborhoods Email 1 Christopher Marte Manhattan Democrat Financial District-Battery Park City, Tribeca-Civic Center, The Battery-Governors Island-Ellis Island-Liberty Island, SoHo-Little Italy-Hudson Square, Chinatown-Two Bridges, Lower East Side Copy 2 Carlina Rivera Manhattan Democrat Greenwich Village, Lower East Side, East Village, Midtown South-Flatiron-Union Square, Gramercy, Murray Hill-Kips Bay Copy 3 Erik Bottcher Manhattan Democrat SoHo-Little Italy-Hudson Square, West Village, Chelsea-Hudson Yards, Hell's Kitchen, Midtown South-Flatiron-Union Square, Midtown-Times Square Copy 4 Keith Powers Manhattan Democrat Midtown South-Flatiron-Union Square, Midtown-Times Square, Stuyvesant Town-Peter Cooper Village, Murray Hill-Kips Bay, East Midtown-Turtle Bay, United Nations, Upper East Side-Carnegie Hill Copy 5 Julie Menin Manhattan Democrat East Midtown-Turtle Bay, United Nations, Upper East Side-Lenox Hill-Roosevelt Island, Upper East Side-Carnegie Hill, Upper East Side-Yorkville Copy 6 Gale A. Brewer Manhattan Democrat Hell's Kitchen, Midtown-Times Square, Upper West Side-Lincoln Square, Upper West Side (Central), Central Park Copy 7 Shaun Abreu Manhattan Democrat Upper West Side (Central), Upper West Side-Manhattan Valley, Morningside Heights, Manhattanville-West Harlem, Hamilton Heights-Sugar Hill, Washington Heights (South), Upper West Side-Manhattan Valley Copy 8 Diana Ayala Manhattan/Bronx Democrat Mott Haven-Port Morris, Melrose, Concourse-Concourse Village, Upper East Side-Carnegie Hill, Upper East Side-Yorkville, East Harlem (South), East Harlem (North), Randall's Island Copy 9 Yusef Salaam Manhattan Democrat Morningside Heights, Manhattanville-West Harlem, Hamilton Heights-Sugar Hill, Harlem (South), Harlem (North), East Harlem (South), East Harlem (North), Upper West Side-Manhattan Valley Copy 10 Carmen De La Rosa Manhattan Democrat Kingsbridge-Marble Hill, Washington Heights (South), Washington Heights (North), Inwood, Highbridge Park, Inwood Hill Park Copy 11 Eric Dinowitz Bronx Democrat Bedford Park, Norwood, Kingsbridge Heights-Van Cortlandt Village, Kingsbridge, Riverdale-Spuyten Duyvil, Wakefield-Woodlawn, Woodlawn Cemetery, Van Cortlandt Park Copy 12 Kevin C. Riley Bronx Democrat Co-op City, Pelham Gardens, Allerton, Williamsbridge-Olinville, Eastchester-Edenwald-Baychester, Wakefield-Woodlawn, Pelham Bay Park Copy 13 Kristy Marmorato Bronx Republican West Farms, Soundview-Bruckner-Bronx River, Castle Hill-Unionport, Westchester Square, Throgs Neck-Schuylerville, Pelham Bay-Country Club-City Island, Co-op City, Hart Island, Ferry Point Park-St. Raymond Cemetery, Pelham Parkway-Van Nest, Morris Park, Pelham Bay Park Copy 14 Pierina Ana Sanchez Bronx Democrat University Heights (South)-Morris Heights, Mount Hope, Fordham Heights, University Heights (North)-Fordham, Bedford Park, Kingsbridge Heights-Van Cortlandt Village, Kingsbridge-Marble Hill Copy 15 Oswald Feliz Bronx Democrat Morrisania, Claremont Village-Claremont (East), Crotona Park East, Crotona Park, Mount Eden-Claremont (West), Claremont Park, Mount Hope, Fordham Heights, West Farms, Tremont, Belmont, University Heights (North)-Fordham, Bedford Park, Soundview-Bruckner-Bronx River, Pelham Parkway-Van Nest, Allerton, Bronx Park Copy 16 Althea Stevens Bronx Democrat Morrisania, Claremont Village-Claremont (East), Concourse-Concourse Village, Highbridge, Mount Eden-Claremont (West), Yankee Stadium-Macombs Dam Park, Claremont Park, University Heights (South)-Morris Heights, University Heights (North)-Fordham Copy 17 Rafael Salamanca Jr. Bronx Democrat Mott Haven-Port Morris, Melrose, Hunts Point, Longwood, North & South Brother Islands, Morrisania, Crotona Park East, Concourse-Concourse Village, West Farms, Soundview-Bruckner-Bronx River Copy 18 Amanda Farías Bronx Democrat Soundview-Bruckner, Soundview-Clason Point, Castle Hill-Unionport, Harding Park, Parkchester, Westchester Square Copy 19 Vickie Paladino Queens Republican College Point, Whitestone-Beechhurst, Bay Terrace-Clearview, Murray Hill-Broadway Flushing, East Flushing, Flushing-Willets Point, Fort Totten, Auburndale, Bayside, Douglaston-Little Neck, Alley Pond Park Copy 20 Sandra Ung Queens Democrat Murray Hill-Broadway Flushing, East Flushing, Queensboro Hill, Flushing-Willets Point, Kissena Park, Pomonok-Electchester-Hillcrest, Fresh Meadows-Utopia, Cunningham Park, Auburndale, Flushing Meadows-Corona Park Copy 21 Francisco Moya Queens Democrat Astoria (North)-Ditmars-Steinway, Jackson Heights, East Elmhurst, North Corona, Elmhurst, Corona, Rego Park, Flushing-Willets Point, LaGuardia Airport, Flushing Meadows-Corona Park Copy 22 Tiffany Cabán Queens Democrat Astoria (North)-Ditmars-Steinway, Old Astoria-Hallets Point, Astoria (Central), Astoria (East)-Woodside (North), Queensbridge-Ravenswood-Dutch Kills, Rikers Island, St. Michael's Cemetery, Astoria Park, Jackson Heights, East Elmhurst, LaGuardia Airport Copy 23 Linda Lee Queens Democrat Fresh Meadows-Utopia, Jamaica Estates-Holliswood, Cunningham Park, Auburndale, Bayside, Douglaston-Little Neck, Oakland Gardens-Hollis Hills, Alley Pond Park, Jamaica, Hollis, Glen Oaks-Floral Park-New Hyde Park, Bellerose, Queens Village, Jamaica Copy 24 James F. Gennaro Queens Democrat Rego Park, Forest Hills, Kew Gardens Hills, Pomonok-Electchester-Hillcrest, Fresh Meadows-Utopia, Jamaica Estates-Holliswood, Jamaica Hills-Briarwood, Mount Hebron & Cedar Grove Cemeteries, Jamaica, Flushing Meadows-Corona Park Copy 25 Shekar Krishnan Queens Democrat Jackson Heights, Elmhurst, East Elmhurst, Woodside Copy 26 Julie Won Queens Democrat Astoria (Central), Astoria (East)-Woodside (North), Queensbridge-Ravenswood-Dutch Kills, Sunnyside Yards (North), Long Island City-Hunters Point, Sunnyside, Woodside, Sunnyside Yards (South), Calvary & Mount Zion Cemeteries, Jackson Heights, Elmhurst, Maspeth Copy 27 Dr. Nantasha Williams Queens Democrat Jamaica, South Jamaica, Springfield Gardens (North)-Rochdale Village, St. Albans, Hollis, Queens Village, Cambria Heights, Laurelton, Jamaica Copy 28 Adrienne E. Adams Queens Democrat South Ozone Park, Jamaica, South Jamaica, Baisley Park, Springfield Gardens (North)-Rochdale Village, Springfield Gardens (South)-Brookville Copy 29 Lynn Schulman Queens Democrat Rego Park, Forest Hills, Kew Gardens, Richmond Hill, South Richmond Hill, Ozone Park (North), South Ozone Park Copy 30 Robert F. Holden Queens Democrat Maspeth, Middle Village, Glendale, Elmhurst, Rego Park and parts of Ridgewood Copy 31 Selvena N. Brooks-Powers Queens Democrat Arverne, Brookville, Edgemere, Jamaica (parts), Far Rockaway, Laurelton, Rosedale, Springfield Gardens (parts) Copy 32 Joann Ariola Queens Republican Glendale, Highland Park-Cypress Hills Cemeteries (North), Forest Hills, Ozone Park (North), Woodhaven, Ozone Park, Howard Beach-Lindenwood, Spring Creek Park, Rockaway Beach-Arverne-Edgemere, Breezy Point-Belle Harbor-Rockaway Park-Broad Channel, Forest Park, Jamaica Bay (East), Jacob Riis Park-Fort Tilden-Breezy Point Tip Copy 33 Lincoln Restler Brooklyn Democrat Greenpoint, Northside Williamsburg, South Williamsburg, Brooklyn Heights, Downtown Brooklyn, DUMBO, Boerum Hill, Vinegar Hill, Bedford-Stuyvesant, Brooklyn Navy Yard Copy 34 Jennifer Gutiérrez Brooklyn, Queens Democrat Williamsburg, South Williamsburg, East Williamsburg, Bushwick (West), Bushwick (East), Ridgewood Copy 35 Crystal Hudson Brooklyn Democrat Downtown Brooklyn-DUMBO-Boerum Hill, Fort Greene, Clinton Hill, Bedford-Stuyvesant (West), Park Slope, Prospect Heights, Crown Heights (North), Crown Heights (South), Prospect Lefferts Gardens-Wingate, Prospect Park Copy 36 Chi Ossé Brooklyn Democrat Bedford-Stuyvesant (West), Bedford-Stuyvesant (East), Crown Heights (North) Copy 37 Sandy Nurse Brooklyn Democrat Bushwick (West), Bushwick (East), The Evergreens Cemetery, Cypress Hills, East New York (North), East New York-City Line, Highland Park-Cypress Hills Cemeteries (South), Ocean Hill, Brownsville Copy 38 Alexa Avilés Brooklyn Democrat Gowanus-Red Hook, Park Slope, South Slope, Sunset Park (West), Sunset Park (Central), Green-Wood Cemetery, Dyker Heights, Bensonhurst, Bath Beach, Borough Park (West) Copy 39 Shahana Hanif Brooklyn Democrat Downtown Brooklyn-DUMBO-Boerum Hill, Carroll Gardens-Cobble Hill-Gowanus-Red Hook, Park Slope, Windsor Terrace-South Slope, Sunset Park (West), Green-Wood Cemetery, Prospect Heights, Borough Park, Kensington, Flatbush (West)-Ditmas Park-Parkville, Prospect Park Copy 40 Rita Joseph Brooklyn Democrat Windsor Terrace-South Slope, Crown Heights (South), Prospect Lefferts Gardens-Wingate, Borough Park, Kensington, Mapleton-Midwood (West), Flatbush, Flatbush (West)-Ditmas Park-Parkville, East Flatbush-Erasmus, East Flatbush-Rugby, Prospect Park Copy 41 Darlene Mealy Brooklyn Democrat Bedford-Stuyvesant (East), Crown Heights (North), Lincoln Terrace Park, Crown Heights (South), Prospect Lefferts Gardens-Wingate, Ocean Hill, Brownsville, East Flatbush-Rugby, East Flatbush-Remsen Village Copy 42 Chris Banks Brooklyn Democrat East New York (North), East New York-New Lots, Spring Creek-Starrett City, East New York-City Line, Brownsville, East Flatbush-Rugby, East Flatbush-Remsen Village, Canarsie, Jamaica Bay (West), Shirley Chisholm State Park Copy 43 Susan Zhuang Brooklyn Democrat Sunset Park (Central), Dyker Heights, Bensonhurst, Bath Beach, Gravesend (West), Sunset Park (East)-Borough Park (West), Borough Park, Mapleton-Midwood (West), Gravesend (East)-Homecrest Copy 44 Simcha Felder Brooklyn Democrat Bensonhurst, Gravesend (West), Sunset Park (East)-Borough Park (West), Borough Park, Mapleton-Midwood (West), Midwood, Gravesend (East)-Homecrest Copy 45 Farah N. Louis Brooklyn Democrat Flatbush, Midwood, East Flatbush, Flatlands, Marine Park, Canarsie Copy 46 Mercedes Narcisse Brooklyn Democrat Bergen Beach, Canarsie, Flatlands, Georgetown, Gerritsen Beach, Marine Park, Mill Basin, Mill Island, and Sheepshead Bay Copy 47 Justin Brannan Brooklyn Democrat Bath Beach, Bay Ridge, Coney Island, Dyker Heights, Gravesend, Sea Gate Copy 48 Inna Vernikov Brooklyn Republican Gravesend (South), Coney Island-Sea Gate, Brighton Beach, Midwood, Gravesend (East)-Homecrest, Madison, Sheepshead Bay-Manhattan Beach-Gerritsen Beach Copy 49 Kamillah Hanks Staten Island Democrat St. George-New Brighton, Tompkinsville-Stapleton-Clifton-Fox Hills, Rosebank-Shore Acres-Park Hill, West New Brighton-Silver Lake-Grymes Hill, Westerleigh-Castleton Corners, Port Richmond, Mariner's Harbor-Arlington-Graniteville, Snug Harbor, Todt Hill-Emerson Hill-Manor Heights, Fort Wadsworth Copy 50 David Carr Staten Island, Brooklyn Republican Arrochar, Bath Beach, Bay Ridge, Bay Terrace, Bulls Head, Castleton Corners, Concord, Dongan Hills, Dongan Hills Colony, Dyker Beach Park, Dyker Heights, Egbertville, Emmerson Hill, Fort Hamilton, Fort Wadsworth, Grant City, Grasmere, High Rock, Lighthouse Hill, Midland Beach, New Dorp, Oakwood, Ocean Breeze, Old Town, Richmondtown, South Beach, Todt Hill, Travis, Westerleigh, Willowbrook Copy 51 Office of Council District 51 Blank Blank Blank Todt Hill-Emerson Hill-Lighthouse Hill-Manor Heights, New Springville-Willowbrook-Bulls Head-Travis, Freshkills Park (North), Oakwood-Richmondtown, Great Kills-Eltingville, Arden Heights-Rossville, Annadale-Huguenot-Prince's Bay-Woodrow, Tottenville-Charleston, Freshkills Park (South), Great Kills Park Copy No results match your search terms. If you're searching an address, be sure to separate the address and borough with a comma. Council Members & Districts Printable View Constituent Service Data Check out our map widget to search for your Council Member/District in a map view! You can confirm who your local Council Member is by entering your address and borough in the field below.  1 Christopher Marte  Manhattan Democrat Financial District-Battery Park City, Tribeca-Civic Center, The Battery-Governors Island-Ellis Island-Liberty Island, SoHo-Little Italy-Hudson Square, Chinatown-Two Bridges, Lower East Side Copy Copy 2 Carlina Rivera  Manhattan Democrat Greenwich Village, Lower East Side, East Village, Midtown South-Flatiron-Union Square, Gramercy, Murray Hill-Kips Bay Copy Copy 3 Erik Bottcher  Manhattan Democrat SoHo-Little Italy-Hudson Square, West Village, Chelsea-Hudson Yards, Hell's Kitchen, Midtown South-Flatiron-Union Square, Midtown-Times Square Copy Copy 4 Keith Powers  Manhattan Democrat Midtown South-Flatiron-Union Square, Midtown-Times Square, Stuyvesant Town-Peter Cooper Village, Murray Hill-Kips Bay, East Midtown-Turtle Bay, United Nations, Upper East Side-Carnegie Hill Copy Copy 5 Julie Menin  Manhattan Democrat East Midtown-Turtle Bay, United Nations, Upper East Side-Lenox Hill-Roosevelt Island, Upper East Side-Carnegie Hill, Upper East Side-Yorkville Copy Copy 6 Gale A. Brewer  Manhattan Democrat Hell's Kitchen, Midtown-Times Square, Upper West Side-Lincoln Square, Upper West Side (Central), Central Park Copy Copy 7 Shaun Abreu  Manhattan Democrat Upper West Side (Central), Upper West Side-Manhattan Valley, Morningside Heights, Manhattanville-West Harlem, Hamilton Heights-Sugar Hill, Washington Heights (South), Upper West Side-Manhattan Valley Copy Copy 8 Diana Ayala  Manhattan/Bronx Democrat Mott Haven-Port Morris, Melrose, Concourse-Concourse Village, Upper East Side-Carnegie Hill, Upper East Side-Yorkville, East Harlem (South), East Harlem (North), Randall's Island Copy Copy 9 Yusef Salaam  Manhattan Democrat Morningside Heights, Manhattanville-West Harlem, Hamilton Heights-Sugar Hill, Harlem (South), Harlem (North), East Harlem (South), East Harlem (North), Upper West Side-Manhattan Valley Copy Copy 10 Carmen De La Rosa  Manhattan Democrat Kingsbridge-Marble Hill, Washington Heights (South), Washington Heights (North), Inwood, Highbridge Park, Inwood Hill Park Copy Copy 11 Eric Dinowitz  Bronx Democrat Bedford Park, Norwood, Kingsbridge Heights-Van Cortlandt Village, Kingsbridge, Riverdale-Spuyten Duyvil, Wakefield-Woodlawn, Woodlawn Cemetery, Van Cortlandt Park Copy Copy 12 Kevin C. Riley  Bronx Democrat Co-op City, Pelham Gardens, Allerton, Williamsbridge-Olinville, Eastchester-Edenwald-Baychester, Wakefield-Woodlawn, Pelham Bay Park Copy Copy 13 Kristy Marmorato  Bronx Republican West Farms, Soundview-Bruckner-Bronx River, Castle Hill-Unionport, Westchester Square, Throgs Neck-Schuylerville, Pelham Bay-Country Club-City Island, Co-op City, Hart Island, Ferry Point Park-St. Raymond Cemetery, Pelham Parkway-Van Nest, Morris Park, Pelham Bay Park Copy Copy 14 Pierina Ana Sanchez  Bronx Democrat University Heights (South)-Morris Heights, Mount Hope, Fordham Heights, University Heights (North)-Fordham, Bedford Park, Kingsbridge Heights-Van Cortlandt Village, Kingsbridge-Marble Hill Copy Copy 15 Oswald Feliz  Bronx Democrat Morrisania, Claremont Village-Claremont (East), Crotona Park East, Crotona Park, Mount Eden-Claremont (West), Claremont Park, Mount Hope, Fordham Heights, West Farms, Tremont, Belmont, University Heights (North)-Fordham, Bedford Park, Soundview-Bruckner-Bronx River, Pelham Parkway-Van Nest, Allerton, Bronx Park Copy Copy 16 Althea Stevens  Bronx Democrat Morrisania, Claremont Village-Claremont (East), Concourse-Concourse Village, Highbridge, Mount Eden-Claremont (West), Yankee Stadium-Macombs Dam Park, Claremont Park, University Heights (South)-Morris Heights, University Heights (North)-Fordham Copy Copy 17 Rafael Salamanca Jr.  Bronx Democrat Mott Haven-Port Morris, Melrose, Hunts Point, Longwood, North & South Brother Islands, Morrisania, Crotona Park East, Concourse-Concourse Village, West Farms, Soundview-Bruckner-Bronx River Copy Copy 18 Amanda Farías  Bronx Democrat Soundview-Bruckner, Soundview-Clason Point, Castle Hill-Unionport, Harding Park, Parkchester, Westchester Square Copy Copy 19 Vickie Paladino  Queens Republican College Point, Whitestone-Beechhurst, Bay Terrace-Clearview, Murray Hill-Broadway Flushing, East Flushing, Flushing-Willets Point, Fort Totten, Auburndale, Bayside, Douglaston-Little Neck, Alley Pond Park Copy Copy 20 Sandra Ung  Queens Democrat Murray Hill-Broadway Flushing, East Flushing, Queensboro Hill, Flushing-Willets Point, Kissena Park, Pomonok-Electchester-Hillcrest, Fresh Meadows-Utopia, Cunningham Park, Auburndale, Flushing Meadows-Corona Park Copy Copy 21 Francisco Moya  Queens Democrat Astoria (North)-Ditmars-Steinway, Jackson Heights, East Elmhurst, North Corona, Elmhurst, Corona, Rego Park, Flushing-Willets Point, LaGuardia Airport, Flushing Meadows-Corona Park Copy Copy 22 Tiffany Cabán  Queens Democrat Astoria (North)-Ditmars-Steinway, Old Astoria-Hallets Point, Astoria (Central), Astoria (East)-Woodside (North), Queensbridge-Ravenswood-Dutch Kills, Rikers Island, St. Michael's Cemetery, Astoria Park, Jackson Heights, East Elmhurst, LaGuardia Airport Copy Copy 23 Linda Lee  Queens Democrat Fresh Meadows-Utopia, Jamaica Estates-Holliswood, Cunningham Park, Auburndale, Bayside, Douglaston-Little Neck, Oakland Gardens-Hollis Hills, Alley Pond Park, Jamaica, Hollis, Glen Oaks-Floral Park-New Hyde Park, Bellerose, Queens Village, Jamaica Copy Copy 24 James F. Gennaro  Queens Democrat Rego Park, Forest Hills, Kew Gardens Hills, Pomonok-Electchester-Hillcrest, Fresh Meadows-Utopia, Jamaica Estates-Holliswood, Jamaica Hills-Briarwood, Mount Hebron & Cedar Grove Cemeteries, Jamaica, Flushing Meadows-Corona Park Copy Copy 25 Shekar Krishnan  Queens Democrat Jackson Heights, Elmhurst, East Elmhurst, Woodside Copy Copy 26 Julie Won  Queens Democrat Astoria (Central), Astoria (East)-Woodside (North), Queensbridge-Ravenswood-Dutch Kills, Sunnyside Yards (North), Long Island City-Hunters Point, Sunnyside, Woodside, Sunnyside Yards (South), Calvary & Mount Zion Cemeteries, Jackson Heights, Elmhurst, Maspeth Copy Copy 27 Dr. Nantasha Williams  Queens Democrat Jamaica, South Jamaica, Springfield Gardens (North)-Rochdale Village, St. Albans, Hollis, Queens Village, Cambria Heights, Laurelton, Jamaica Copy Copy 28 Adrienne E. Adams  Queens Democrat South Ozone Park, Jamaica, South Jamaica, Baisley Park, Springfield Gardens (North)-Rochdale Village, Springfield Gardens (South)-Brookville Copy Copy 29 Lynn Schulman  Queens Democrat Rego Park, Forest Hills, Kew Gardens, Richmond Hill, South Richmond Hill, Ozone Park (North), South Ozone Park Copy Copy 30 Robert F. Holden  Queens Democrat Maspeth, Middle Village, Glendale, Elmhurst, Rego Park and parts of Ridgewood Copy Copy 31 Selvena N. Brooks-Powers  Queens Democrat Arverne, Brookville, Edgemere, Jamaica (parts), Far Rockaway, Laurelton, Rosedale, Springfield Gardens (parts) Copy Copy 32 Joann Ariola  Queens Republican Glendale, Highland Park-Cypress Hills Cemeteries (North), Forest Hills, Ozone Park (North), Woodhaven, Ozone Park, Howard Beach-Lindenwood, Spring Creek Park, Rockaway Beach-Arverne-Edgemere, Breezy Point-Belle Harbor-Rockaway Park-Broad Channel, Forest Park, Jamaica Bay (East), Jacob Riis Park-Fort Tilden-Breezy Point Tip Copy Copy 33 Lincoln Restler  Brooklyn Democrat Greenpoint, Northside Williamsburg, South Williamsburg, Brooklyn Heights, Downtown Brooklyn, DUMBO, Boerum Hill, Vinegar Hill, Bedford-Stuyvesant, Brooklyn Navy Yard Copy Copy 34 Jennifer Gutiérrez  Brooklyn, Queens Democrat Williamsburg, South Williamsburg, East Williamsburg, Bushwick (West), Bushwick (East), Ridgewood Copy Copy 35 Crystal Hudson  Brooklyn Democrat Downtown Brooklyn-DUMBO-Boerum Hill, Fort Greene, Clinton Hill, Bedford-Stuyvesant (West), Park Slope, Prospect Heights, Crown Heights (North), Crown Heights (South), Prospect Lefferts Gardens-Wingate, Prospect Park Copy Copy 36 Chi Ossé  Brooklyn Democrat Bedford-Stuyvesant (West), Bedford-Stuyvesant (East), Crown Heights (North) Copy Copy 37 Sandy Nurse  Brooklyn Democrat Bushwick (West), Bushwick (East), The Evergreens Cemetery, Cypress Hills, East New York (North), East New York-City Line, Highland Park-Cypress Hills Cemeteries (South), Ocean Hill, Brownsville Copy Copy 38 Alexa Avilés  Brooklyn Democrat Gowanus-Red Hook, Park Slope, South Slope, Sunset Park (West), Sunset Park (Central), Green-Wood Cemetery, Dyker Heights, Bensonhurst, Bath Beach, Borough Park (West) Copy Copy 39 Shahana Hanif  Brooklyn Democrat Downtown Brooklyn-DUMBO-Boerum Hill, Carroll Gardens-Cobble Hill-Gowanus-Red Hook, Park Slope, Windsor Terrace-South Slope, Sunset Park (West), Green-Wood Cemetery, Prospect Heights, Borough Park, Kensington, Flatbush (West)-Ditmas Park-Parkville, Prospect Park Copy Copy 40 Rita Joseph  Brooklyn Democrat Windsor Terrace-South Slope, Crown Heights (South), Prospect Lefferts Gardens-Wingate, Borough Park, Kensington, Mapleton-Midwood (West), Flatbush, Flatbush (West)-Ditmas Park-Parkville, East Flatbush-Erasmus, East Flatbush-Rugby, Prospect Park Copy Copy 41 Darlene Mealy  Brooklyn Democrat Bedford-Stuyvesant (East), Crown Heights (North), Lincoln Terrace Park, Crown Heights (South), Prospect Lefferts Gardens-Wingate, Ocean Hill, Brownsville, East Flatbush-Rugby, East Flatbush-Remsen Village Copy Copy 42 Chris Banks  Brooklyn Democrat East New York (North), East New York-New Lots, Spring Creek-Starrett City, East New York-City Line, Brownsville, East Flatbush-Rugby, East Flatbush-Remsen Village, Canarsie, Jamaica Bay (West), Shirley Chisholm State Park Copy Copy 43 Susan Zhuang  Brooklyn Democrat Sunset Park (Central), Dyker Heights, Bensonhurst, Bath Beach, Gravesend (West), Sunset Park (East)-Borough Park (West), Borough Park, Mapleton-Midwood (West), Gravesend (East)-Homecrest Copy Copy 44 Simcha Felder  Brooklyn Democrat Bensonhurst, Gravesend (West), Sunset Park (East)-Borough Park (West), Borough Park, Mapleton-Midwood (West), Midwood, Gravesend (East)-Homecrest Copy Copy 45 Farah N. Louis  Brooklyn Democrat Flatbush, Midwood, East Flatbush, Flatlands, Marine Park, Canarsie Copy Copy 46 Mercedes Narcisse  Brooklyn Democrat Bergen Beach, Canarsie, Flatlands, Georgetown, Gerritsen Beach, Marine Park, Mill Basin, Mill Island, and Sheepshead Bay Copy Copy 47 Justin Brannan  Brooklyn Democrat Bath Beach, Bay Ridge, Coney Island, Dyker Heights, Gravesend, Sea Gate Copy Copy 48 Inna Vernikov  Brooklyn Republican Gravesend (South), Coney Island-Sea Gate, Brighton Beach, Midwood, Gravesend (East)-Homecrest, Madison, Sheepshead Bay-Manhattan Beach-Gerritsen Beach Copy Copy 49 Kamillah Hanks  Staten Island Democrat St. George-New Brighton, Tompkinsville-Stapleton-Clifton-Fox Hills, Rosebank-Shore Acres-Park Hill, West New Brighton-Silver Lake-Grymes Hill, Westerleigh-Castleton Corners, Port Richmond, Mariner's Harbor-Arlington-Graniteville, Snug Harbor, Todt Hill-Emerson Hill-Manor Heights, Fort Wadsworth Copy Copy 50 David Carr  Staten Island, Brooklyn Republican Arrochar, Bath Beach, Bay Ridge, Bay Terrace, Bulls Head, Castleton Corners, Concord, Dongan Hills, Dongan Hills Colony, Dyker Beach Park, Dyker Heights, Egbertville, Emmerson Hill, Fort Hamilton, Fort Wadsworth, Grant City, Grasmere, High Rock, Lighthouse Hill, Midland Beach, New Dorp, Oakwood, Ocean Breeze, Old Town, Richmondtown, South Beach, Todt Hill, Travis, Westerleigh, Willowbrook Copy Copy 51 Office of Council District 51 Blank Blank Blank Blank Blank Blank Todt Hill-Emerson Hill-Lighthouse Hill-Manor Heights, New Springville-Willowbrook-Bulls Head-Travis, Freshkills Park (North), Oakwood-Richmondtown, Great Kills-Eltingville, Arden Heights-Rossville, Annadale-Huguenot-Prince's Bay-Woodrow, Tottenville-Charleston, Freshkills Park (South), Great Kills Park Copy Copy No results match your search terms. If you're searching an address, be sure to separate the address and borough with a comma. Visit the Council We're located at New York City Hall. Council Members each have an office at 250 Broadway , as well as offices in each of their districts. We want to hear from you You can reach us via social media, email, paper mail, or at your district office. For issues specific to a neighborhood, it's best to contact the Council Member representing that community. Have questions, comments or feedback? Email us here.        About Events What we do Caucuses Visit the Council District Info Job Opportunities Collective Bargaining Agreement Subscribe for Updates Our Privacy Policy Legislation Our Legislative Process Register to Testify Hearing Calendar and Video Archive Search legislation Legislative API Data Press & News Submit a “Freedom of Information Law” (FOIL) Request Press Releases Photos Past Featured Content Videos Media Inquiries For media inquiries, please contact press@council.nyc.gov Accessibility Read our Accessibility Statement  General Inquiries Error: Contact form not found. ×

--- 3rd Level Page: https://council.nyc.gov/legislation/wp-content/uploads/sites/55/2025/01/Jan.-23-2025-public-notice.pdf ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://www.facebook.com/NYCCouncil ---
Log Into Facebook or English (US) Español Français (France) 中文(简体) العربية Português (Brasil) Italiano 한국어 Deutsch हिन्दी 日本語  Sign Up Log In Messenger Facebook Lite Video Meta Pay Meta Store Meta Quest Ray-Ban Meta Meta AI Instagram Threads Voting Information Center Privacy Policy Consumer Health Privacy Privacy Center About Create ad Create Page Developers Careers Cookies Ad choices Terms Help Contact Uploading & Non-Users Settings Activity log Meta © 2025

--- 3rd Level Page: https://www.linkedin.com/company/new-york-city-council ---
LinkedIn Articles Articles People People Learning Learning Jobs Jobs Games Games Get the app Get the app New York City Council Government Administration New York, NY 14,436 followers  The New York City Council is the law-making body of the City of New York, led by 
Speaker Adrienne Adams. The New York City Council is the law-making body of the City of New York, led by 
Speaker Adrienne Adams. View all 918 employees View all 918 employees Report this company About us The New York City Council is the law-making body of the City of New York. It is comprised of 51 members from 51 different Council Districts throughout the five boroughs. The Council monitors the operation and performance of city agencies, makes land use decisions and has sole responsibility for approving the city's budget. It also legislates on a wide range of other subjects. The Council is an equal partner with the Mayor in the governing of New York City. External link for New York City Council Locations Primary City Hall New York, NY 10007, US Get directions Primary City Hall New York, NY 10007, US Employees at New York City Council Jeffrey Campagna Senior Counsel & Parliamentarian, Office of General Counsel Jeffrey Campagna Senior Counsel & Parliamentarian, Office of General Counsel Andres Madrid Attorney Andres Madrid Attorney John Scott-Richardson John Scott-Richardson Lynn Schulman Lynn Schulman Updates New York City Council 14,436 followers 4h Report this post Monday at 10AM: 

The Committee on Public Safety will hold an oversight hearing on NYPD parking and traffic enforcement. 

📺 Watch live: council.nyc.gov/livestream Like Comment Share New York City Council 14,436 followers 4h Report this post Monday at 10AM: 

The Committee on Public Safety will hold an oversight hearing on NYPD parking and traffic enforcement. 

📺 Watch live: council.nyc.gov/livestream Like Comment Share 14,436 followers 4h Report this post Monday at 10AM: 

The Committee on Public Safety will hold an oversight hearing on NYPD parking and traffic enforcement. 

📺 Watch live: council.nyc.gov/livestream  Like Comment Share New York City Council 14,436 followers 19h Report this post I was honored to present a @NYCCouncil proclamation to community leader Harpreet Singh Toor.

For over 30 years, Harpreet has worked with elected officials, agencies, and institutions to ensure our Sikh community is supported.

Congratulations on this well-deserved recognition! Like Comment Share New York City Council 14,436 followers 19h Report this post I was honored to present a @NYCCouncil proclamation to community leader Harpreet Singh Toor.

For over 30 years, Harpreet has worked with elected officials, agencies, and institutions to ensure our Sikh community is supported.

Congratulations on this well-deserved recognition! Like Comment Share 14,436 followers 19h Report this post I was honored to present a @NYCCouncil proclamation to community leader Harpreet Singh Toor.

For over 30 years, Harpreet has worked with elected officials, agencies, and institutions to ensure our Sikh community is supported.

Congratulations on this well-deserved recognition!  Like Comment Share New York City Council 14,436 followers 19h Report this post Tonight, New Yorkers joined us in the People's House for our annual Sikh Heritage Month & Vaisakhi celebration! Like Comment Share New York City Council 14,436 followers 19h Report this post Tonight, New Yorkers joined us in the People's House for our annual Sikh Heritage Month & Vaisakhi celebration! Like Comment Share 14,436 followers 19h Report this post Tonight, New Yorkers joined us in the People's House for our annual Sikh Heritage Month & Vaisakhi celebration!     Like Comment Share New York City Council 14,436 followers 21h Report this post At a time when our trans and gender non-conforming neighbors are under attack, the Council has prioritized policies to protect the rights of gender expansive New Yorkers.  

@CMShahanaHanif explains the package of legislation passed today and the urgency of this moment ⬇️ …more 5 Like Comment Share New York City Council 14,436 followers 21h Report this post At a time when our trans and gender non-conforming neighbors are under attack, the Council has prioritized policies to protect the rights of gender expansive New Yorkers.  

@CMShahanaHanif explains the package of legislation passed today and the urgency of this moment ⬇️ …more 5 Like Comment Share 14,436 followers 21h Report this post At a time when our trans and gender non-conforming neighbors are under attack, the Council has prioritized policies to protect the rights of gender expansive New Yorkers.  

@CMShahanaHanif explains the package of legislation passed today and the urgency of this moment ⬇️ 5 Like Comment Share New York City Council 14,436 followers 22h Report this post Today, the Council held its Stated Meeting, passing legislation to protect civil rights and healthcare access for trans and gender non-conforming New Yorkers, reform non-essential helicopter operations to address health/quality of life issues, and more!  

Read more: https://lnkd.in/eWxWMQkX 15 Like Comment Share New York City Council 14,436 followers 22h Report this post Today, the Council held its Stated Meeting, passing legislation to protect civil rights and healthcare access for trans and gender non-conforming New Yorkers, reform non-essential helicopter operations to address health/quality of life issues, and more!  

Read more: https://lnkd.in/eWxWMQkX 15 Like Comment Share 14,436 followers 22h Report this post Today, the Council held its Stated Meeting, passing legislation to protect civil rights and healthcare access for trans and gender non-conforming New Yorkers, reform non-essential helicopter operations to address health/quality of life issues, and more!  

Read more: https://lnkd.in/eWxWMQkX     15 Like Comment Share New York City Council 14,436 followers 23h Report this post That’s a wrap for today’s Stated Meeting!

Read on to learn more about the legislation passed at today’s session. 🧵 

The “Protect Trans Futures” package (sponsored by @CabanD22, @CMShahanaHanif, @CMChiOsse, @CMCrystalHudson) aims to improve resources and ensure protections for transgender, gender non-conforming, non-binary, and intersex New Yorkers. 

INT 26-A (sponsored by @CMAmandaFarias) prohibits helicopters that do not meet the most stringent FAA noise standards from operating for non-essential purposes out of the East 34th Street Heliport and Downtown Manhattan/Wall Street Heliport, beginning at the end of 2029. 

INT 1150-A (sponsored by @JimGennaro) requires @NYCWater to develop a plan to increase the capacity of the stormwater system to reduce flooding. 

Stemming from @NYCSpeakerAdams‘ 2024 State of the City, INT 889-A and INT 1086-A (sponsored by @CMCrystalHudson and @CMNantashaW) combat deed theft by requiring @NYCFinance to notify the local Council Member when a recorded deed- or mortgage-related document affects an interest in real property that has been held by the same party for 30 years, and notifying interested parties when such a document has been recorded for the property. 

INT 860-A and INT 861-A (sponsored by @CMAlexaAviles) requires local development corporations to report on community hiring programs and requires the contract between the City and @NYCEDC to detail agreements between developers and non-profits or individuals to provide community benefits as part of a development project. 

Read more about this legislation and other bills passed at today’s Stated Meeting: +1 8 Like Comment Share New York City Council 14,436 followers 23h Report this post That’s a wrap for today’s Stated Meeting!

Read on to learn more about the legislation passed at today’s session. 🧵 

The “Protect Trans Futures” package (sponsored by @CabanD22, @CMShahanaHanif, @CMChiOsse, @CMCrystalHudson) aims to improve resources and ensure protections for transgender, gender non-conforming, non-binary, and intersex New Yorkers. 

INT 26-A (sponsored by @CMAmandaFarias) prohibits helicopters that do not meet the most stringent FAA noise standards from operating for non-essential purposes out of the East 34th Street Heliport and Downtown Manhattan/Wall Street Heliport, beginning at the end of 2029. 

INT 1150-A (sponsored by @JimGennaro) requires @NYCWater to develop a plan to increase the capacity of the stormwater system to reduce flooding. 

Stemming from @NYCSpeakerAdams‘ 2024 State of the City, INT 889-A and INT 1086-A (sponsored by @CMCrystalHudson and @CMNantashaW) combat deed theft by requiring @NYCFinance to notify the local Council Member when a recorded deed- or mortgage-related document affects an interest in real property that has been held by the same party for 30 years, and notifying interested parties when such a document has been recorded for the property. 

INT 860-A and INT 861-A (sponsored by @CMAlexaAviles) requires local development corporations to report on community hiring programs and requires the contract between the City and @NYCEDC to detail agreements between developers and non-profits or individuals to provide community benefits as part of a development project. 

Read more about this legislation and other bills passed at today’s Stated Meeting: +1 8 Like Comment Share 14,436 followers 23h Report this post That’s a wrap for today’s Stated Meeting!

Read on to learn more about the legislation passed at today’s session. 🧵 

The “Protect Trans Futures” package (sponsored by @CabanD22, @CMShahanaHanif, @CMChiOsse, @CMCrystalHudson) aims to improve resources and ensure protections for transgender, gender non-conforming, non-binary, and intersex New Yorkers. 

INT 26-A (sponsored by @CMAmandaFarias) prohibits helicopters that do not meet the most stringent FAA noise standards from operating for non-essential purposes out of the East 34th Street Heliport and Downtown Manhattan/Wall Street Heliport, beginning at the end of 2029. 

INT 1150-A (sponsored by @JimGennaro) requires @NYCWater to develop a plan to increase the capacity of the stormwater system to reduce flooding. 

Stemming from @NYCSpeakerAdams‘ 2024 State of the City, INT 889-A and INT 1086-A (sponsored by @CMCrystalHudson and @CMNantashaW) combat deed theft by requiring @NYCFinance to notify the local Council Member when a recorded deed- or mortgage-related document affects an interest in real property that has been held by the same party for 30 years, and notifying interested parties when such a document has been recorded for the property. 

INT 860-A and INT 861-A (sponsored by @CMAlexaAviles) requires local development corporations to report on community hiring programs and requires the contract between the City and @NYCEDC to detail agreements between developers and non-profits or individuals to provide community benefits as part of a development project. 

Read more about this legislation and other bills passed at today’s Stated Meeting:     +1 8 Like Comment Share New York City Council 14,436 followers 2d Report this post Our next Stated Meeting is tomorrow at 1:30PM!  

📺 Watch live: council.nyc.gov/livestream Like Comment Share New York City Council 14,436 followers 2d Report this post Our next Stated Meeting is tomorrow at 1:30PM!  

📺 Watch live: council.nyc.gov/livestream Like Comment Share 14,436 followers 2d Report this post Our next Stated Meeting is tomorrow at 1:30PM!  

📺 Watch live: council.nyc.gov/livestream  Like Comment Share New York City Council 14,436 followers 2d Report this post The Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure and Consumer and Worker Protection held a joint oversight hearing to identify the source of restaurants’ challenges with Dining Out NYC—between the law, agency-determined rules, and implementation—and how the program can be improved. Like Comment Share New York City Council 14,436 followers 2d Report this post The Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure and Consumer and Worker Protection held a joint oversight hearing to identify the source of restaurants’ challenges with Dining Out NYC—between the law, agency-determined rules, and implementation—and how the program can be improved. Like Comment Share 14,436 followers 2d Report this post The Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure and Consumer and Worker Protection held a joint oversight hearing to identify the source of restaurants’ challenges with Dining Out NYC—between the law, agency-determined rules, and implementation—and how the program can be improved.     Like Comment Share New York City Council 14,436 followers 2d Report this post ⚠️ AIR QUALITY NOTICE ⚠️ 

Wildfire smoke from New Jersey may pass through NYC tonight and tomorrow. 

Those who are unusually sensitive to air pollution should consider reducing time outdoors, closing their windows, and wearing a mask. Like Comment Share New York City Council 14,436 followers 2d Report this post ⚠️ AIR QUALITY NOTICE ⚠️ 

Wildfire smoke from New Jersey may pass through NYC tonight and tomorrow. 

Those who are unusually sensitive to air pollution should consider reducing time outdoors, closing their windows, and wearing a mask. Like Comment Share 14,436 followers 2d Report this post ⚠️ AIR QUALITY NOTICE ⚠️ 

Wildfire smoke from New Jersey may pass through NYC tonight and tomorrow. 

Those who are unusually sensitive to air pollution should consider reducing time outdoors, closing their windows, and wearing a mask.  Like Comment Share New York City Council 14,436 followers 2d Report this post A new report released by the Council summarizes the current state of @NYC_DOT’s outdoor dining and evaluates the challenges faced during the initial implementation of the new permanent program.  

Restaurants have raised several issues with the program’s administration, in addition to the timeliness of application approvals.

Read more: https://lnkd.in/earnkJw4 Like Comment Share New York City Council 14,436 followers 2d Report this post A new report released by the Council summarizes the current state of @NYC_DOT’s outdoor dining and evaluates the challenges faced during the initial implementation of the new permanent program.  

Restaurants have raised several issues with the program’s administration, in addition to the timeliness of application approvals.

Read more: https://lnkd.in/earnkJw4 Like Comment Share 14,436 followers 2d Report this post A new report released by the Council summarizes the current state of @NYC_DOT’s outdoor dining and evaluates the challenges faced during the initial implementation of the new permanent program.  

Restaurants have raised several issues with the program’s administration, in addition to the timeliness of application approvals.

Read more: https://lnkd.in/earnkJw4  Like Comment Share Join now to see what you are missing Find people you know at New York City Council Find people you know at New York City Council Browse recommended jobs for you Browse recommended jobs for you View all updates, news, and articles View all updates, news, and articles Similar pages City of New York Government Administration New York, New York City of New York Government Administration New York, New York NYC Office of the Mayor Government Administration NYC Office of the Mayor Government Administration New York State Assembly Legislative Offices Albany, NY New York State Assembly Legislative Offices Albany, NY New York State Senate Government Administration Albany, NY New York State Senate Government Administration Albany, NY New York State Executive Chamber Government Administration Albany , New York New York State Executive Chamber Government Administration Albany , New York Office of the Mayor of New York City Government Administration New York, NY Office of the Mayor of New York City Government Administration New York, NY Office of the New York State Attorney General Law Enforcement Office of the New York State Attorney General Law Enforcement NYC Department of Education Primary and Secondary Education New York, NY NYC Department of Education Primary and Secondary Education New York, NY U.S. House of Representatives Legislative Offices Washington, DC U.S. House of Representatives Legislative Offices Washington, DC NYC Department of Social Services Government Administration New York, New York NYC Department of Social Services Government Administration New York, New York Browse jobs Analyst jobs 694,057 open jobs Analyst jobs Attorney jobs 37,177 open jobs Attorney jobs Investigator jobs 19,811 open jobs Investigator jobs Associate jobs 1,091,945 open jobs Associate jobs Assistant jobs 711,811 open jobs Assistant jobs Senior Human Resources Associate jobs 8,460 open jobs Senior Human Resources Associate jobs Public Health Specialist jobs 7,752 open jobs Public Health Specialist jobs Community Outreach Coordinator jobs 5,998 open jobs Community Outreach Coordinator jobs Compliance Associate jobs 65,598 open jobs Compliance Associate jobs Crime Analyst jobs 7,184 open jobs Crime Analyst jobs Director of Investigations jobs 3,906 open jobs Director of Investigations jobs Business Intern jobs 22,088 open jobs Business Intern jobs Talent jobs 573,981 open jobs Talent jobs Executive jobs 690,514 open jobs Executive jobs Employee Relations Specialist jobs 15,658 open jobs Employee Relations Specialist jobs Receptionist jobs 64,579 open jobs Receptionist jobs Coordinator jobs 545,033 open jobs Coordinator jobs Legal Assistant jobs 23,617 open jobs Legal Assistant jobs Researcher jobs 195,654 open jobs Researcher jobs Project Manager jobs 253,048 open jobs Project Manager jobs Associate jobs Scientist jobs Nonprofit jobs Investigations Manager jobs Investigator jobs Environmental Consultant jobs Deputy Chief of Staff jobs Marketing Intern jobs Sustainability Consultant jobs Research Intern jobs Analyst jobs Executive jobs Summer Intern jobs Receptionist jobs Director of Partnerships jobs Director of Advocacy jobs Lobbyist jobs Environmental Analyst jobs Director of Business Development jobs Intern jobs Press Secretary jobs Chief Information Officer jobs Mayor jobs Investment Banking Analyst jobs Attorney jobs Research Assistant jobs Partner jobs Officer jobs Administrative Coordinator jobs Paralegal jobs Project Assistant jobs Senior Product Manager jobs Staff Writer jobs Legal Assistant jobs Research Analyst jobs Office Manager jobs Buyer jobs Coordinator jobs Junior Scientist jobs Assistant jobs Marketing Manager jobs Developer jobs Legal Counsel jobs Manager jobs Communications Manager jobs Legislative Director jobs Executive Assistant jobs Emergency Medical Technician jobs Director jobs Behavior Specialist jobs Professor jobs Support Specialist jobs Assistant Psychologist jobs Virtual Assistant jobs Program Officer jobs Human Resources Specialist jobs Specialist jobs Psychologist jobs Human Resources Business Partner jobs Talent Acquisition Specialist jobs Associate jobs Scientist jobs Nonprofit jobs Investigations Manager jobs Investigator jobs Environmental Consultant jobs Deputy Chief of Staff jobs Marketing Intern jobs Sustainability Consultant jobs Research Intern jobs Analyst jobs Executive jobs Summer Intern jobs Receptionist jobs Director of Partnerships jobs Director of Advocacy jobs Lobbyist jobs Environmental Analyst jobs Director of Business Development jobs Intern jobs Press Secretary jobs Chief Information Officer jobs Mayor jobs Investment Banking Analyst jobs Attorney jobs Research Assistant jobs Partner jobs Officer jobs Administrative Coordinator jobs Paralegal jobs Project Assistant jobs Senior Product Manager jobs Staff Writer jobs Legal Assistant jobs Research Analyst jobs Office Manager jobs Buyer jobs Coordinator jobs Junior Scientist jobs Assistant jobs Marketing Manager jobs Developer jobs Legal Counsel jobs Manager jobs Communications Manager jobs Legislative Director jobs Executive Assistant jobs Emergency Medical Technician jobs Director jobs Behavior Specialist jobs Professor jobs Support Specialist jobs Assistant Psychologist jobs Virtual Assistant jobs Program Officer jobs Human Resources Specialist jobs Specialist jobs Psychologist jobs Human Resources Business Partner jobs Talent Acquisition Specialist jobs LinkedIn © 2025 LinkedIn © 2025 About Accessibility User Agreement Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Choices Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Brand Policy Guest Controls Community Guidelines العربية (Arabic) বাংলা (Bangla) Čeština (Czech) Dansk (Danish) Deutsch (German) Ελληνικά (Greek) English (English) Español (Spanish) فارسی (Persian) Suomi (Finnish) Français (French) हिंदी (Hindi) Magyar (Hungarian) Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian) Italiano (Italian) עברית (Hebrew) 日本語 (Japanese) 한국어 (Korean) मराठी (Marathi) Bahasa Malaysia (Malay) Nederlands (Dutch) Norsk (Norwegian) ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi) Polski (Polish) Português (Portuguese) Română (Romanian) Русский (Russian) Svenska (Swedish) తెలుగు (Telugu) ภาษาไทย (Thai) Tagalog (Tagalog) Türkçe (Turkish) Українська (Ukrainian) Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese) 简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified)) 正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional)) Language العربية (Arabic) বাংলা (Bangla) Čeština (Czech) Dansk (Danish) Deutsch (German) Ελληνικά (Greek) English (English) Español (Spanish) فارسی (Persian) Suomi (Finnish) Français (French) हिंदी (Hindi) Magyar (Hungarian) Bahasa Indonesia (Indonesian) Italiano (Italian) עברית (Hebrew) 日本語 (Japanese) 한국어 (Korean) मराठी (Marathi) Bahasa Malaysia (Malay) Nederlands (Dutch) Norsk (Norwegian) ਪੰਜਾਬੀ (Punjabi) Polski (Polish) Português (Portuguese) Română (Romanian) Русский (Russian) Svenska (Swedish) తెలుగు (Telugu) ภาษาไทย (Thai) Tagalog (Tagalog) Türkçe (Turkish) Українська (Ukrainian) Tiếng Việt (Vietnamese) 简体中文 (Chinese (Simplified)) 正體中文 (Chinese (Traditional)) Language Agree & Join LinkedIn By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy . Sign in to see who you already know at New York City Council Welcome back   or By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy . New to LinkedIn? Join now or New to LinkedIn? Join now By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , Privacy Policy , and Cookie Policy . LinkedIn LinkedIn is better on the app Don’t have the app? Get it in the Microsoft Store.

--- 3rd Level Page: https://council.nyc.gov#main ---
New York City Council Search for:   Find My District Budget Committees Land Use Legislation Press Releases Translate this page Google Translate As Trump Threatens Trans and Gender Non-Conforming New Yorkers, Council Votes to Protect Civil Rights and Healthcare Access Council Releases Report on Challenges with Outdoor Dining Laws and Policies Council Launches Agency Report Card Initiative to Strengthen Government Accountability Speaker Adams, Council Leaders, Advocates, and Healthcare Workers Continue Call for Sustained Action to End Maternal Mortality NYC Council Outlines Solutions to Close Rikers Island, Following Report by Lippman Commission Council Releases Plan to Help Trump-Proof New York City Council Files Lawsuit to Stop Mayor Adams’ Illegal Executive Order Allowing ICE to Set Up Office at Rikers Read New York City Council’s FY26 Preliminary Budget Response Council Votes to Reform Scaffolding Rules to Reduce Their Presence, Improving Public Safety and NYC’s Streetscapes Speaker Adams, Rising Ground Open New East Flatbush Trauma Recovery Center to Serve Crime Victims Speaker Adrienne Adams Fourth State of the City Address UPCOMING LEGISLATIVE HEARINGS View the hearing calendar and video archive here Register to testify at one of our upcoming hearings LIVE VIDEO FEED Select a stream: CITY HALL/ COUNCIL CHAMBERS Virtual Room 1 Virtual Room 2 Virtual Room 3 Virtual Room 4 Virtual Room 5 Virtual Room 6 CITY HALL/ CMTE ROOM 250 BWAY/ 14th FL ROOM 250 BWAY/ 16th FL ROOM LIVE VIDEO FEED Select a stream:  CITY HALL/ COUNCIL CHAMBERS CITY HALL/ Virtual Room 1 Virtual Room 2 Virtual Room 3 Virtual Room 4 Virtual Room 5 Virtual Room 6 CITY HALL/ CMTE ROOM CITY HALL/ 250 BWAY/ 14th FL ROOM 250 BWAY/ 250 BWAY/ 16th FL ROOM 250 BWAY/ Visit the Council We're located at New York City Hall. Council Members each have an office at 250 Broadway , as well as offices in each of their districts. We want to hear from you You can reach us via social media, email, paper mail, or at your district office. For issues specific to a neighborhood, it's best to contact the Council Member representing that community. Have questions, comments or feedback? Email us here.        About Events What we do Caucuses Visit the Council District Info Job Opportunities Collective Bargaining Agreement Subscribe for Updates Our Privacy Policy Legislation Our Legislative Process Register to Testify Hearing Calendar and Video Archive Search legislation Legislative API Data Press & News Submit a “Freedom of Information Law” (FOIL) Request Press Releases Photos Past Featured Content Videos Media Inquiries For media inquiries, please contact press@council.nyc.gov Accessibility Read our Accessibility Statement  General Inquiries Error: Contact form not found. ×

--- 3rd Level Page: https://www.google.com/maps/place/New+York+City+Hall/@40.7127744,-74.008253,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m2!3m1!1s0x89c258fda88cefb3:0x7f1e88758d210007 ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCu8AwLHSpgiFtKvHi_TFHog ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://council.nyc.gov/jobs/ ---
New York City Council Search for:   Find My District Budget Committees Land Use Legislation Press Releases Translate this page Google Translate Job Opportunities When applying, please follow the specific instructions provided in the position’s “How to Apply” section. While we sincerely appreciate all applications, only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. If you are interested in working at the New York City Council but don’t see the right opportunity currently available, please submit your resume and area of interest for future consideration here. The New York City Council is an inclusive equal opportunity employer committed to recruiting and retaining a diverse workforce and providing a work environment that is free from discrimination and harassment based upon any legally protected status or protected characteristic, including but not limited to an individual’s sex, race, color, ethnicity, national origin, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, veteran status, gender identity, or pregnancy. Job Opportunities When applying, please follow the specific instructions provided in the position’s “How to Apply” section. While we sincerely appreciate all applications, only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. If you are interested in working at the New York City Council but don’t see the right opportunity currently available, please submit your resume and area of interest for future consideration here. The New York City Council is an inclusive equal opportunity employer committed to recruiting and retaining a diverse workforce and providing a work environment that is free from discrimination and harassment based upon any legally protected status or protected characteristic, including but not limited to an individual’s sex, race, color, ethnicity, national origin, age, religion, disability, sexual orientation, veteran status, gender identity, or pregnancy. Visit the Council We're located at New York City Hall. Council Members each have an office at 250 Broadway , as well as offices in each of their districts. We want to hear from you You can reach us via social media, email, paper mail, or at your district office. For issues specific to a neighborhood, it's best to contact the Council Member representing that community. Have questions, comments or feedback? Email us here.        About Events What we do Caucuses Visit the Council District Info Job Opportunities Collective Bargaining Agreement Subscribe for Updates Our Privacy Policy Legislation Our Legislative Process Register to Testify Hearing Calendar and Video Archive Search legislation Legislative API Data Press & News Submit a “Freedom of Information Law” (FOIL) Request Press Releases Photos Past Featured Content Videos Media Inquiries For media inquiries, please contact press@council.nyc.gov Accessibility Read our Accessibility Statement  General Inquiries Error: Contact form not found. ×

--- 3rd Level Page: https://council.nyc.gov/past-featured-content ---
New York City Council Search for:   Find My District Budget Committees Land Use Legislation Press Releases Translate this page Google Translate Past Featured Content March 4, 2025 Speaker Adrienne Adams Fourth State of the City Address March 19, 2025 Speaker Adams, Rising Ground Open New East Flatbush Trauma Recovery Center to Serve Crime Victims March 26, 2025 Council Votes to Reform Scaffolding Rules to Reduce Their Presence, Improving Public Safety and NYC’s Streetscapes April 2, 2025 Read New York City Council’s FY26 Preliminary Budget Response April 15, 2025 Council Files Lawsuit to Stop Mayor Adams’ Illegal Executive Order Allowing ICE to Set Up Office at Rikers April 16, 2025 Council Releases Plan to Help Trump-Proof New York City April 16, 2025 NYC Council Outlines Solutions to Close Rikers Island, Following Report by Lippman Commission April 17, 2025 Speaker Adams, Council Leaders, Advocates, and Healthcare Workers Continue Call for Sustained Action to End Maternal Mortality April 21, 2025 Council Launches Agency Report Card Initiative to Strengthen Government Accountability April 23, 2025 Council Releases Report on Challenges with Outdoor Dining Laws and Policies Past Featured Content March 4, 2025 Speaker Adrienne Adams Fourth State of the City Address March 4, 2025 Speaker Adrienne Adams Fourth State of the City Address March 19, 2025 Speaker Adams, Rising Ground Open New East Flatbush Trauma Recovery Center to Serve Crime Victims March 19, 2025 Speaker Adams, Rising Ground Open New East Flatbush Trauma Recovery Center to Serve Crime Victims March 26, 2025 Council Votes to Reform Scaffolding Rules to Reduce Their Presence, Improving Public Safety and NYC’s Streetscapes March 26, 2025 Council Votes to Reform Scaffolding Rules to Reduce Their Presence, Improving Public Safety and NYC’s Streetscapes April 2, 2025 Read New York City Council’s FY26 Preliminary Budget Response April 2, 2025 Read New York City Council’s FY26 Preliminary Budget Response April 15, 2025 Council Files Lawsuit to Stop Mayor Adams’ Illegal Executive Order Allowing ICE to Set Up Office at Rikers April 15, 2025 Council Files Lawsuit to Stop Mayor Adams’ Illegal Executive Order Allowing ICE to Set Up Office at Rikers April 16, 2025 Council Releases Plan to Help Trump-Proof New York City April 16, 2025 Council Releases Plan to Help Trump-Proof New York City April 16, 2025 NYC Council Outlines Solutions to Close Rikers Island, Following Report by Lippman Commission April 16, 2025 NYC Council Outlines Solutions to Close Rikers Island, Following Report by Lippman Commission April 17, 2025 Speaker Adams, Council Leaders, Advocates, and Healthcare Workers Continue Call for Sustained Action to End Maternal Mortality April 17, 2025 Speaker Adams, Council Leaders, Advocates, and Healthcare Workers Continue Call for Sustained Action to End Maternal Mortality April 21, 2025 Council Launches Agency Report Card Initiative to Strengthen Government Accountability April 21, 2025 Council Launches Agency Report Card Initiative to Strengthen Government Accountability April 23, 2025 Council Releases Report on Challenges with Outdoor Dining Laws and Policies April 23, 2025 Council Releases Report on Challenges with Outdoor Dining Laws and Policies 1 Submit a “Freedom of Information Law” Request Subscribe to updates Search for: Recent Press Releases Speaker Adrienne Adams Responds to New York State Supreme Court’s TRO Ruling to Block Mayor Adams’ Executive Order Inviting Trump’s ICE to Set Up Office on Rikers April 25, 2025 April 25, 2025 As Trump Administration Threatens Trans and Gender Non-Conforming New Yorkers, New York City Council Votes to Protect Civil Rights and Healthcare Access, Ensure Support April 24, 2025 April 24, 2025 NYC Council Releases Report Outlining Outdoor Dining Laws and Policies to Provide Clear Roadmap ahead of Hearing to Identify Problems Faced by Restaurants and Their Solutions April 23, 2025 April 23, 2025 NYC Council Launches Agency Report Card Initiative to Strengthen Government Accountability and Service Delivery April 21, 2025 April 21, 2025 In Honor of Black Maternal Health Week, Speaker Adams, Council Leaders, Advocates, and Healthcare Workers Continue Call for Sustained Action to End Maternal Mortality April 17, 2025 April 17, 2025 Share your ideas for how to improve your community! Text Alerts To receive text alerts about when and where you can vote, text PBNYC to 212-676-8384 . Visit the Council We're located at New York City Hall. Council Members each have an office at 250 Broadway , as well as offices in each of their districts. We want to hear from you You can reach us via social media, email, paper mail, or at your district office. For issues specific to a neighborhood, it's best to contact the Council Member representing that community. Have questions, comments or feedback? Email us here.        About Events What we do Caucuses Visit the Council District Info Job Opportunities Collective Bargaining Agreement Subscribe for Updates Our Privacy Policy Legislation Our Legislative Process Register to Testify Hearing Calendar and Video Archive Search legislation Legislative API Data Press & News Submit a “Freedom of Information Law” (FOIL) Request Press Releases Photos Past Featured Content Videos Media Inquiries For media inquiries, please contact press@council.nyc.gov Accessibility Read our Accessibility Statement  General Inquiries Error: Contact form not found. ×

--- 3rd Level Page: https://council.nyc.gov/news/tag/video/ ---
New York City Council Search for:   Find My District Budget Committees Land Use Legislation Press Releases Translate this page Google Translate Videos January 24, 2022 Speaker Adams and CMs Hold Rally in Support of Delivery Workers January 24, 2022 Speaker Adams and CMs Hold Rally in Support of Delivery Workers January 21, 2022 Speaker Adams Announces Committee Chairs January 21, 2022 Speaker Adams Announces Committee Chairs January 17, 2022 Speaker Adrienne Adams on MLK Jr. Day January 17, 2022 Speaker Adrienne Adams on MLK Jr. Day January 14, 2022 Adrienne Adams Elected Speaker of the New York City Council January 14, 2022 Adrienne Adams Elected Speaker of the New York City Council January 11, 2022 Charter Meting 2022 January 11, 2022 Charter Meting 2022 February 24, 2021 Vaccinate New York February 24, 2021 Vaccinate New York April 22, 2020 City Council Covid-19 relief package April 22, 2020 City Council Covid-19 relief package April 22, 2020 Our first ever virtual Stated Hearing April 22, 2020 Our first ever virtual Stated Hearing Page 1 Page 2 Page 3 Page 4 Page 5 Page 6 Page 7 Next Page Last Page Submit a “Freedom of Information Law” Request Subscribe to updates Search for: Recent Press Releases Speaker Adrienne Adams Responds to New York State Supreme Court’s TRO Ruling to Block Mayor Adams’ Executive Order Inviting Trump’s ICE to Set Up Office on Rikers April 25, 2025 April 25, 2025 As Trump Administration Threatens Trans and Gender Non-Conforming New Yorkers, New York City Council Votes to Protect Civil Rights and Healthcare Access, Ensure Support April 24, 2025 April 24, 2025 NYC Council Releases Report Outlining Outdoor Dining Laws and Policies to Provide Clear Roadmap ahead of Hearing to Identify Problems Faced by Restaurants and Their Solutions April 23, 2025 April 23, 2025 NYC Council Launches Agency Report Card Initiative to Strengthen Government Accountability and Service Delivery April 21, 2025 April 21, 2025 In Honor of Black Maternal Health Week, Speaker Adams, Council Leaders, Advocates, and Healthcare Workers Continue Call for Sustained Action to End Maternal Mortality April 17, 2025 April 17, 2025 Share your ideas for how to improve your community! Text Alerts To receive text alerts about when and where you can vote, text PBNYC to 212-676-8384 . Visit the Council We're located at New York City Hall. Council Members each have an office at 250 Broadway , as well as offices in each of their districts. We want to hear from you You can reach us via social media, email, paper mail, or at your district office. For issues specific to a neighborhood, it's best to contact the Council Member representing that community. Have questions, comments or feedback? Email us here.        About Events What we do Caucuses Visit the Council District Info Job Opportunities Collective Bargaining Agreement Subscribe for Updates Our Privacy Policy Legislation Our Legislative Process Register to Testify Hearing Calendar and Video Archive Search legislation Legislative API Data Press & News Submit a “Freedom of Information Law” (FOIL) Request Press Releases Photos Past Featured Content Videos Media Inquiries For media inquiries, please contact press@council.nyc.gov Accessibility Read our Accessibility Statement  General Inquiries Error: Contact form not found. ×

--- 3rd Level Page: https://council.nyc.gov/get-updates/ ---
New York City Council Search for:   Find My District Budget Committees Land Use Legislation Press Releases Translate this page Google Translate Subscribe to email updates First Name (required) Last Name (required) Your Email (required) Street Address City State —Please choose an option— Alaska Alabama Arkansas America Samoa Arizona California Colorado Connecticut D.C. Delaware Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Iowa Idaho Illinois Indiana Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Massachusetts Maryland Maine Michigan Minnesota Missouri Mississippi Montana North Carolina North Dakota Nebraska New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico Nevada New York Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Trust Territory Texas Utah Virginia Virgin Islands Vermont Washington Wisconsin West Virginia Wyoming Foreign Correspondence Zip Δ Subscribe to email updates First Name (required) Last Name (required) Your Email (required) Street Address City State —Please choose an option— Alaska Alabama Arkansas America Samoa Arizona California Colorado Connecticut D.C. Delaware Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Iowa Idaho Illinois Indiana Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Massachusetts Maryland Maine Michigan Minnesota Missouri Mississippi Montana North Carolina North Dakota Nebraska New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico Nevada New York Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Trust Territory Texas Utah Virginia Virgin Islands Vermont Washington Wisconsin West Virginia Wyoming Foreign Correspondence Zip Δ  First Name (required)  Last Name (required)  Your Email (required)  Street Address  City  State —Please choose an option— Alaska Alabama Arkansas America Samoa Arizona California Colorado Connecticut D.C. Delaware Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Iowa Idaho Illinois Indiana Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Massachusetts Maryland Maine Michigan Minnesota Missouri Mississippi Montana North Carolina North Dakota Nebraska New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico Nevada New York Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Trust Territory Texas Utah Virginia Virgin Islands Vermont Washington Wisconsin West Virginia Wyoming Foreign Correspondence —Please choose an option— Alaska Alabama Arkansas America Samoa Arizona California Colorado Connecticut D.C. Delaware Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Iowa Idaho Illinois Indiana Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Massachusetts Maryland Maine Michigan Minnesota Missouri Mississippi Montana North Carolina North Dakota Nebraska New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico Nevada New York Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Trust Territory Texas Utah Virginia Virgin Islands Vermont Washington Wisconsin West Virginia Wyoming Foreign Correspondence Zip   Δ Visit the Council We're located at New York City Hall. Council Members each have an office at 250 Broadway , as well as offices in each of their districts. We want to hear from you You can reach us via social media, email, paper mail, or at your district office. For issues specific to a neighborhood, it's best to contact the Council Member representing that community. Have questions, comments or feedback? Email us here.        About Events What we do Caucuses Visit the Council District Info Job Opportunities Collective Bargaining Agreement Subscribe for Updates Our Privacy Policy Legislation Our Legislative Process Register to Testify Hearing Calendar and Video Archive Search legislation Legislative API Data Press & News Submit a “Freedom of Information Law” (FOIL) Request Press Releases Photos Past Featured Content Videos Media Inquiries For media inquiries, please contact press@council.nyc.gov Accessibility Read our Accessibility Statement  General Inquiries Error: Contact form not found. ×

--- 3rd Level Page: https://council.nyc.gov/land-use/ ---
New York City Council Search for:   Find My District Budget Committees Land Use Legislation Press Releases Translate this page Google Translate Planning & Land Use New York City regulates how land is used throughout the five boroughs. When regulations are changed, the City Council must approve the changes. Public Hearings April 23, 2025- Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises; 10:00 am – 250 Broadway, 16th Floor Committee Room, New York, NY, 10007 To testify at this hearing on the following item(s), please register here . 73-99 Empire Boulevard Rezoning 166 Kings Highway Rezoning 2201-2227 Neptune Avenue Rezoning 19 Maspeth Avenue Rezoning You may submit written testimony to landusetestimony@council.nyc.gov . We will take written testimony up to 72 hours following the completion of the public hearing April 29, 2025 – Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises; 10:00 am – City Hall Chambers, New York, NY, 10007 To testify at this hearing on the following item(s), please register here . Western Railyards Modifications Grace Houses You may submit written testimony to landusetestimony@council.nyc.gov . We will take written testimony up to 72 hours following the completion of the public hearing For questions about accessibility or to request ASL, CART, or any other accommodations please contact EEO Officer at EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or call (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. If you need non-English language interpretation, please email translationservice@council.nyc.gov , at least three (3) business days before the hearing. Please include the following information in your email: Name and date of the hearing Your full name, telephone number, and email address In-person hearings do not require pre-registration. For all other questions reference hearings, email hearings@council.nyc.gov or call 212-482-4219 . All individuals who wish to testify in person at City Hall must adhere to the following COVID-19 safety protocols: Properly wear a face covering at all times while in City Hall; Maintain physical distancing of 6 feet from others at all times except when not feasible in limited circumstances; and Complete a COVID-19 health screening questionnaire, which will be posted at the entrance to City Hall, prior to entering the building. City of Yes for Housing Opportunity On November 21, 2024, the Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises and Committee on Land Use voted to approve this application with modifications, which are summarized in the document below: Summary of Council Modifications New York City Council held a Hybrid Public Meeting on October 21, 2024  and a Public Hearing on October 22, 2024 both at the Subcommittee on Zoning & Franchises. PUBLIC MEETING – Held October 21, 2024 The Council held a public meeting on this item at the subcommittee on zoning and franchises on October 21st. To view a recording of the October 21st public meeting on City of Yes for Housing Opportunity please see Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Public Meeting on City of Yes for Housing Opportunity, Oct 21, 2024 PUBLIC HEARING – Held October 22, 2024 The council held a public hearing on this item at the subcommittee on zoning and franchises on October 22 nd . To view a recording of the public hearing and all information for the October 22nd public hearing please see Subcommittee on Zoning & Franchises, Public hearing on City of Yes for Housing Opportunity, Oct 22, 2024 For more information on the City of Yes for Housing Opportunity text amendment please see these useful materials and links: City of Yes for Housing Opportunity Presentation Department of City Planning webpage – City of Yes, Housing Opportunity DCP Housing Opportunity Guide City of Yes Housing Opportunity text amendment City Planning Commission report City Planning Commission approved text amendment to the Zoning Resolution City of Yes: Zoning for Economic Opportunity Summary of Council Modifications and Commitments Use link above for summary of the eighteen “City of Yes” Zoning for Economic Opportunity (ZEO) citywide text amendment proposals and, where applicable, the final modifications made by the New York City Council, as well as related planning and policy commitments. Summary of Proposal 18 – New “M” Districts (with Council Mods) Highlighted Content: Speaker Adrienne Adams’ Planning & Land Use Guidelines and Toolkit Comprehensive planning must be featured throughout the land use process. Speaker Adams’ Planning and Land Use Toolkit provide Council Members, local communities, city agencies, and developers with a framework for improving the land use process to balance local community priorities with citywide needs. A pathway to increase housing production, affordability and equity is needed for our city. Housing Agenda to Confront the City’s Crisis New York City is growing, with its population and jobs far outpacing available homes and housing production. Rents are at historic highs and competition for housing is only increasing. If the city’s housing shortage remains unaddressed, New Yorkers will continue to be pushed out and homelessness will grow. We need to develop more affordable housing, senior housing, homeownership, and supportive housing, as well as market rate housing. Simultaneously, more efforts are needed to protect existing affordable housing and homeownership, and to ensure every New Yorker’s home is healthy and safe. Community Engagement Click on a link below to learn more about community engagement efforts that the City Council Planning and Land Use Division is currently supporting. Parkchester Community Engagement Session Land Use Committee The Council’s Land Use Committee has jurisdiction over all the types of actions listed above. The committee also has two subcommittees, each with its own Chair, that take care of specific sets of issues: Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings, and Dispositions A rezoning, for instance, would be handled by the Zoning and Franchises subcommittee, while the designation of a landmark would be handled by the Landmarks, Public Sitings, and Dispositions subcommittee. Links to Legistar: Committee on Land Use Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings, and Dispositions The Planning & Land Use Division The Council has a dedicated team of city planners, attorneys, and administrative staff that support Council Members and the Land Use Committee. This division helps the committee Chairs conduct hearings and analyze land use issues on behalf of Council Members. The Division was formerly known as the Land Use Division. City Council Speaker Adrienne Adams changed the name to the Planning & Land Use Division because planning must be at the forefront of the land use process. Planning means understanding the conditions and challenges facing our city and its neighborhoods, identifying shared goals and principles, and applying the policies to address and achieve them. Planning means being intentional about our future and making sure that our decisions collectively align with these goals. And last but not least planning requires meaningful and deep engagement of communities in this work. Before applications for land use changes begin public review and eventually reach the Council, there should be a planning process that involves understanding the conditions of the affected area and engaging stakeholders including Administration agencies and community members including residents and elected officials. Zoning Zoning controls what property owners can do with their land (such as build apartments or a factory) as well as how large buildings can be. When the Mayor or a developer wants to change the zoning, they must go through a public review process involving hearings at the Community Board, the Borough President, the City Planning Commission, and City Council. The Council has the final say in whether the zoning is changed. Landmarks The Landmarks Preservation Commission designates landmarks and historic districts. The Council can approve, modify, or disapprove the Commission’s decision. Once a building is “landmarked,” the owner must apply for permission to alter the façade, to build additions, or to demolish the building City Land & Public Facilities The City often buys, sells, or leases real estate for a specific purpose, such as building a new school, renting an office for an agency, or buying land upstate to protect the City’s water supply. Or the City might sell land to a business so they can expand and employ more people. Or the City might give land to a developer building affordable housing, often with tax exemptions that make the apartments even more affordable. When the City buys or sells land, or gives a tax exemption, the Council can approve or disapprove these actions. The Land Use Process at the Council Stage of ULURP Step 1: Submission of Application to Council Whenever any of the above actions takes place, the Council receives an application explaining the project. Council Members and staff then analyze the application and its potential consequences for the city as a whole, as well as for the local community. Step 2: Council Hearing When the Council receives a land use application, it’s referred to the appropriate subcommittee, which then holds a public hearing and votes on the application. Step 3: Land Use Committee After the subcommittee has heard and voted on the application, the Land Use Committee meets and votes on the application. Step 4: Council Vote The City Council will then hold a meeting with all 51 members and will vote on the application as a body. Step 5: Mayoral Approval or Veto The Mayor may either accept or veto the Council’s decision. However, the Council may override the Mayor’s veto with a 2/3 vote. Public Hearings April 23, 2025- Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises; 10:00 am – 250 Broadway, 16th Floor Committee Room, New York, NY, 10007 To testify at this hearing on the following item(s), please register here . 73-99 Empire Boulevard Rezoning 166 Kings Highway Rezoning 2201-2227 Neptune Avenue Rezoning 19 Maspeth Avenue Rezoning You may submit written testimony to landusetestimony@council.nyc.gov . We will take written testimony up to 72 hours following the completion of the public hearing April 29, 2025 – Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises; 10:00 am – City Hall Chambers, New York, NY, 10007 To testify at this hearing on the following item(s), please register here . Western Railyards Modifications Grace Houses You may submit written testimony to landusetestimony@council.nyc.gov . We will take written testimony up to 72 hours following the completion of the public hearing For questions about accessibility or to request ASL, CART, or any other accommodations please contact EEO Officer at EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or call (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. If you need non-English language interpretation, please email translationservice@council.nyc.gov , at least three (3) business days before the hearing. Please include the following information in your email: Name and date of the hearing Your full name, telephone number, and email address In-person hearings do not require pre-registration. For all other questions reference hearings, email hearings@council.nyc.gov or call 212-482-4219 . All individuals who wish to testify in person at City Hall must adhere to the following COVID-19 safety protocols: Properly wear a face covering at all times while in City Hall; Maintain physical distancing of 6 feet from others at all times except when not feasible in limited circumstances; and Complete a COVID-19 health screening questionnaire, which will be posted at the entrance to City Hall, prior to entering the building. City of Yes for Housing Opportunity On November 21, 2024, the Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises and Committee on Land Use voted to approve this application with modifications, which are summarized in the document below: Summary of Council Modifications New York City Council held a Hybrid Public Meeting on October 21, 2024  and a Public Hearing on October 22, 2024 both at the Subcommittee on Zoning & Franchises. PUBLIC MEETING – Held October 21, 2024 The Council held a public meeting on this item at the subcommittee on zoning and franchises on October 21st. To view a recording of the October 21st public meeting on City of Yes for Housing Opportunity please see Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Public Meeting on City of Yes for Housing Opportunity, Oct 21, 2024 The Council held a public meeting on this item at the subcommittee on zoning and franchises on October 21st. To view a recording of the October 21st public meeting on City of Yes for Housing Opportunity please see Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Public Meeting on City of Yes for Housing Opportunity, Oct 21, 2024 PUBLIC HEARING – Held October 22, 2024 The council held a public hearing on this item at the subcommittee on zoning and franchises on October 22 nd . To view a recording of the public hearing and all information for the October 22nd public hearing please see Subcommittee on Zoning & Franchises, Public hearing on City of Yes for Housing Opportunity, Oct 22, 2024 The council held a public hearing on this item at the subcommittee on zoning and franchises on October 22 nd . To view a recording of the public hearing and all information for the October 22nd public hearing please see Subcommittee on Zoning & Franchises, Public hearing on City of Yes for Housing Opportunity, Oct 22, 2024 For more information on the City of Yes for Housing Opportunity text amendment please see these useful materials and links: City of Yes for Housing Opportunity Presentation Department of City Planning webpage – City of Yes, Housing Opportunity DCP Housing Opportunity Guide City of Yes Housing Opportunity text amendment City Planning Commission report City Planning Commission approved text amendment to the Zoning Resolution City of Yes: Zoning for Economic Opportunity Summary of Council Modifications and Commitments Use link above for summary of the eighteen “City of Yes” Zoning for Economic Opportunity (ZEO) citywide text amendment proposals and, where applicable, the final modifications made by the New York City Council, as well as related planning and policy commitments. Summary of Proposal 18 – New “M” Districts (with Council Mods) Highlighted Content: Speaker Adrienne Adams’ Planning & Land Use Guidelines and Toolkit Comprehensive planning must be featured throughout the land use process. Speaker Adams’ Planning and Land Use Toolkit provide Council Members, local communities, city agencies, and developers with a framework for improving the land use process to balance local community priorities with citywide needs. A pathway to increase housing production, affordability and equity is needed for our city. Housing Agenda to Confront the City’s Crisis New York City is growing, with its population and jobs far outpacing available homes and housing production. Rents are at historic highs and competition for housing is only increasing. If the city’s housing shortage remains unaddressed, New Yorkers will continue to be pushed out and homelessness will grow. We need to develop more affordable housing, senior housing, homeownership, and supportive housing, as well as market rate housing. Simultaneously, more efforts are needed to protect existing affordable housing and homeownership, and to ensure every New Yorker’s home is healthy and safe. Community Engagement Click on a link below to learn more about community engagement efforts that the City Council Planning and Land Use Division is currently supporting. Land Use Committee The Council’s Land Use Committee has jurisdiction over all the types of actions listed above. The committee also has two subcommittees, each with its own Chair, that take care of specific sets of issues: Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings, and Dispositions A rezoning, for instance, would be handled by the Zoning and Franchises subcommittee, while the designation of a landmark would be handled by the Landmarks, Public Sitings, and Dispositions subcommittee. Links to Legistar: Committee on Land Use Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings, and Dispositions The Planning & Land Use Division The Council has a dedicated team of city planners, attorneys, and administrative staff that support Council Members and the Land Use Committee. This division helps the committee Chairs conduct hearings and analyze land use issues on behalf of Council Members. The Division was formerly known as the Land Use Division. City Council Speaker Adrienne Adams changed the name to the Planning & Land Use Division because planning must be at the forefront of the land use process. Planning means understanding the conditions and challenges facing our city and its neighborhoods, identifying shared goals and principles, and applying the policies to address and achieve them. Planning means being intentional about our future and making sure that our decisions collectively align with these goals. And last but not least planning requires meaningful and deep engagement of communities in this work. Before applications for land use changes begin public review and eventually reach the Council, there should be a planning process that involves understanding the conditions of the affected area and engaging stakeholders including Administration agencies and community members including residents and elected officials. Zoning Zoning controls what property owners can do with their land (such as build apartments or a factory) as well as how large buildings can be. When the Mayor or a developer wants to change the zoning, they must go through a public review process involving hearings at the Community Board, the Borough President, the City Planning Commission, and City Council. The Council has the final say in whether the zoning is changed. Landmarks The Landmarks Preservation Commission designates landmarks and historic districts. The Council can approve, modify, or disapprove the Commission’s decision. Once a building is “landmarked,” the owner must apply for permission to alter the façade, to build additions, or to demolish the building City Land & Public Facilities The City often buys, sells, or leases real estate for a specific purpose, such as building a new school, renting an office for an agency, or buying land upstate to protect the City’s water supply. Or the City might sell land to a business so they can expand and employ more people. Or the City might give land to a developer building affordable housing, often with tax exemptions that make the apartments even more affordable. When the City buys or sells land, or gives a tax exemption, the Council can approve or disapprove these actions. The Land Use Process at the Council Stage of ULURP Step 1: Submission of Application to Council Whenever any of the above actions takes place, the Council receives an application explaining the project. Council Members and staff then analyze the application and its potential consequences for the city as a whole, as well as for the local community. Step 2: Council Hearing When the Council receives a land use application, it’s referred to the appropriate subcommittee, which then holds a public hearing and votes on the application. Step 3: Land Use Committee After the subcommittee has heard and voted on the application, the Land Use Committee meets and votes on the application. Step 4: Council Vote The City Council will then hold a meeting with all 51 members and will vote on the application as a body. Step 5: Mayoral Approval or Veto The Mayor may either accept or veto the Council’s decision. However, the Council may override the Mayor’s veto with a 2/3 vote.  Initiatives Parkchester 2024 Community Engagement Bronx Metro North Area Study (BMNS) Engagement Speaker Adams’ Planning Toolkit and Housing Agenda Gowanus Neighborhood Plan: Racial Equity Report on Housing and Opportunity Morningside Heights Planning Study Inwood Rezoning Jerome Avenue Neighborhood Plan Planning for Retail Diversity East Harlem Rezoning Greater East Midtown Plan History Until 1989, the Council had no authority over land use issues. The Board of Estimate had controlled land use issues throughout the five boroughs. However, in the 1980s, the Board of Estimate was declared unconstitutional. And in 1989, the Council was given its land use powers and created the Land Use Committee and the Land Use Division. Mayoral Agencies The City Council controls one specific part of the land use process, but Mayoral agencies handle many other aspects. The Department of City Planning is responsible for zoning, for instance, while the Landmarks Preservation Commission handles landmarks and historic districts. Visit the Council We're located at New York City Hall. Council Members each have an office at 250 Broadway , as well as offices in each of their districts. We want to hear from you You can reach us via social media, email, paper mail, or at your district office. For issues specific to a neighborhood, it's best to contact the Council Member representing that community. Have questions, comments or feedback? Email us here.        About Events What we do Caucuses Visit the Council District Info Job Opportunities Collective Bargaining Agreement Subscribe for Updates Our Privacy Policy Legislation Our Legislative Process Register to Testify Hearing Calendar and Video Archive Search legislation Legislative API Data Press & News Submit a “Freedom of Information Law” (FOIL) Request Press Releases Photos Past Featured Content Videos Media Inquiries For media inquiries, please contact press@council.nyc.gov Accessibility Read our Accessibility Statement  General Inquiries Error: Contact form not found. ×

--- 3rd Level Page: https://council.nyc.gov/press/ ---
New York City Council Search for:   Find My District Budget Committees Land Use Legislation Press Releases Translate this page Google Translate Press Releases Speaker Adrienne Adams Responds to New York State Supreme Court’s TRO Ruling to Block Mayor Adams’ Executive Order Inviting Trump’s ICE to Set Up Office on Rikers April 25, 2025 Today, New York State Supreme Court Judge Mary Rosado extended the Temporary Restraining Order (TRO) blocking Mayor Eric Adams’ administration from implementing Executive Order 50 that would facilitate the federal Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency reopening an office on Rikers Island. The decision comes after Judge Rosado previously issued an interim TRO on April 21 prohibiting the execution and negotiation of any Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) related to the executive order. … READ MORE Speaker Adrienne Adams Responds to New York State Supreme Court’s TRO Ruling to Block Mayor Adams’ Executive Order Inviting Trump’s ICE to Set Up Office on Rikers April 25, 2025 Today, New York State Supreme Court Judge Mary Rosado extended the Temporary Restraining Order (TRO) blocking Mayor Eric Adams’ administration from implementing Executive Order 50 that would facilitate the federal Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency reopening an office on Rikers Island. The decision comes after Judge Rosado previously issued an interim TRO on April 21 prohibiting the execution and negotiation of any Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) related to the executive order. … READ MORE As Trump Administration Threatens Trans and Gender Non-Conforming New Yorkers, New York City Council Votes to Protect Civil Rights and Healthcare Access, Ensure Support April 24, 2025 Council also voted on legislation to reform non-essential helicopter operations to address health and quality of life issues, and prevent deed theft City Hall – Today, the New York City Council voted to protect civil rights, healthcare access, and well-being for transgender, gender non-conforming, and non-binary and/or intersex (TGNCNBI) New Yorkers. The package of bills, passed by the Council, requires improved access to information on resources and support, increased legal protections for healthcare access, and more inclusive administrative policies. … READ MORE As Trump Administration Threatens Trans and Gender Non-Conforming New Yorkers, New York City Council Votes to Protect Civil Rights and Healthcare Access, Ensure Support April 24, 2025 Council also voted on legislation to reform non-essential helicopter operations to address health and quality of life issues, and prevent deed theft City Hall – Today, the New York City Council voted to protect civil rights, healthcare access, and well-being for transgender, gender non-conforming, and non-binary and/or intersex (TGNCNBI) New Yorkers. The package of bills, passed by the Council, requires improved access to information on resources and support, increased legal protections for healthcare access, and more inclusive administrative policies. … READ MORE NYC Council Releases Report Outlining Outdoor Dining Laws and Policies to Provide Clear Roadmap ahead of Hearing to Identify Problems Faced by Restaurants and Their Solutions April 23, 2025 City Hall, NY – Today, the New York City Council released a new report that outlines the legal and policy framework of outdoor dining and its relationship to the current state of the City’s new Dining Out NYC program. The report, released the same day as a Council hearing to examine challenges with implementation of the new program, highlights problems faced by restaurants seeking to participate in outdoor dining. … READ MORE NYC Council Releases Report Outlining Outdoor Dining Laws and Policies to Provide Clear Roadmap ahead of Hearing to Identify Problems Faced by Restaurants and Their Solutions April 23, 2025 City Hall, NY – Today, the New York City Council released a new report that outlines the legal and policy framework of outdoor dining and its relationship to the current state of the City’s new Dining Out NYC program. The report, released the same day as a Council hearing to examine challenges with implementation of the new program, highlights problems faced by restaurants seeking to participate in outdoor dining. … READ MORE NYC Council Launches Agency Report Card Initiative to Strengthen Government Accountability and Service Delivery April 21, 2025 Announced in Speaker Adams’ 2024 State of the City, first report card evaluates Department of Veterans’ Services and calls for strategic planning to revitalize agency for second decade in operation City Hall, NY – Today, the New York City Council released the first in a series of agency report cards to evaluate how effectively city agencies serve New Yorkers and identify opportunities for improvements to operations and service delivery. … READ MORE NYC Council Launches Agency Report Card Initiative to Strengthen Government Accountability and Service Delivery April 21, 2025 Announced in Speaker Adams’ 2024 State of the City, first report card evaluates Department of Veterans’ Services and calls for strategic planning to revitalize agency for second decade in operation City Hall, NY – Today, the New York City Council released the first in a series of agency report cards to evaluate how effectively city agencies serve New Yorkers and identify opportunities for improvements to operations and service delivery. … READ MORE In Honor of Black Maternal Health Week, Speaker Adams, Council Leaders, Advocates, and Healthcare Workers Continue Call for Sustained Action to End Maternal Mortality April 17, 2025 Steering Committee highlights city and state budget priorities, ongoing efforts to advance coordinated action that tackle maternal mortality and racial disparities City Hall, NY – Today, in recognition of Black Maternal Health Week, New York City Council Speaker Adrienne Adams, Deputy Speaker Diana Ayala, members of the Council’s Women’s Caucus, maternal health advocates, and healthcare workers gathered to underscore the continued urgency for sustained action to combat maternal mortality. … READ MORE In Honor of Black Maternal Health Week, Speaker Adams, Council Leaders, Advocates, and Healthcare Workers Continue Call for Sustained Action to End Maternal Mortality April 17, 2025 Steering Committee highlights city and state budget priorities, ongoing efforts to advance coordinated action that tackle maternal mortality and racial disparities City Hall, NY – Today, in recognition of Black Maternal Health Week, New York City Council Speaker Adrienne Adams, Deputy Speaker Diana Ayala, members of the Council’s Women’s Caucus, maternal health advocates, and healthcare workers gathered to underscore the continued urgency for sustained action to combat maternal mortality. … READ MORE Speaker Adrienne Adams, Council Member Keith Powers, and Council Member Erik Bottcher Respond to Scaffolding Sheds Reform Legislation Being Signed into Law April 17, 2025 Today, a package of legislation, passed by the Council in March to strengthen the safety and efficiency of sidewalk shed management, was signed into law by Mayor Adams. In response, Speaker Adrienne Adams , Council Member Keith Powers , and Council Member Erik Bottcher released the following statements: “Sidewalk sheds have covered our city for far too long – … READ MORE Speaker Adrienne Adams, Council Member Keith Powers, and Council Member Erik Bottcher Respond to Scaffolding Sheds Reform Legislation Being Signed into Law April 17, 2025 Today, a package of legislation, passed by the Council in March to strengthen the safety and efficiency of sidewalk shed management, was signed into law by Mayor Adams. In response, Speaker Adrienne Adams , Council Member Keith Powers , and Council Member Erik Bottcher released the following statements: “Sidewalk sheds have covered our city for far too long – … READ MORE NYC Council Releases New Report Outlining Challenges for Nonprofits to Receive On-Time City Contract Payments and Legislation to Reduce Delays, Scheduled for April 30 Hearing April 17, 2025 Newly introduced bills follow Speaker Adams’ 2025 State of the City proposals to speed contract payments and reduce burdens for nonprofits by shifting payment timelines, mandating reforms, and restoring budget cuts to contracting staff City Hall, NY – Today, the New York City Council released a new report that outlines the significant challenges faced by nonprofit service providers with receiving on-time contract payments from the City. … READ MORE NYC Council Releases New Report Outlining Challenges for Nonprofits to Receive On-Time City Contract Payments and Legislation to Reduce Delays, Scheduled for April 30 Hearing April 17, 2025 Newly introduced bills follow Speaker Adams’ 2025 State of the City proposals to speed contract payments and reduce burdens for nonprofits by shifting payment timelines, mandating reforms, and restoring budget cuts to contracting staff City Hall, NY – Today, the New York City Council released a new report that outlines the significant challenges faced by nonprofit service providers with receiving on-time contract payments from the City. … READ MORE Statement from Speaker Adrienne Adams in Support of New York State Attorney General Letitia James in the Face of Intimidation Tactics by the Trump Administration April 16, 2025 “Letitia James has spent her career standing up to powerful interests and fighting for everyday New Yorkers. Now she’s being targeted by a president who abuses the power of the federal government to go after his enemies. “This is just the latest in Trump’s war on New York. He’s tried to defund our public schools and colleges, intimidate our law firms, deport longtime residents with green cards, and decimate our economy with reckless tariffs. … READ MORE Statement from Speaker Adrienne Adams in Support of New York State Attorney General Letitia James in the Face of Intimidation Tactics by the Trump Administration April 16, 2025 “Letitia James has spent her career standing up to powerful interests and fighting for everyday New Yorkers. Now she’s being targeted by a president who abuses the power of the federal government to go after his enemies. “This is just the latest in Trump’s war on New York. He’s tried to defund our public schools and colleges, intimidate our law firms, deport longtime residents with green cards, and decimate our economy with reckless tariffs. … READ MORE NYC Council Outlines Solutions City Must Advance to Close Rikers Island, Following Report by Commission Led by Former Chief Judge Lippman April 16, 2025 City Hall, NY – Today, the New York City Council released a policy brief outlining the most immediate steps that the City must advance to support the permanent closure of Rikers Island and a successful transition to a borough-based jail system. These include legislative, budget, and administrative solutions to improve access to mental healthcare, reduce recidivism, and ensure coordinated leadership that produces outcomes to reduce case delays and the inflated jail population. … READ MORE NYC Council Outlines Solutions City Must Advance to Close Rikers Island, Following Report by Commission Led by Former Chief Judge Lippman April 16, 2025 City Hall, NY – Today, the New York City Council released a policy brief outlining the most immediate steps that the City must advance to support the permanent closure of Rikers Island and a successful transition to a borough-based jail system. These include legislative, budget, and administrative solutions to improve access to mental healthcare, reduce recidivism, and ensure coordinated leadership that produces outcomes to reduce case delays and the inflated jail population. … READ MORE Joint Statement from Speaker Adrienne Adams, Finance Chair Justin Brannan, and Education Chair Rita Joseph on Mayoral Administration’s Early Childhood Education Funding Announcement April 16, 2025 On Wednesday, Mayor Adams’ administration announced the baselining of $167 million in early childhood education funding in the city budget, including $112 million for 3-K and $55 million for pre-school special education classes. However, the announcement does not include baselined funding for other education priorities championed by the Council. In response, Speaker Adrienne Adams , Finance Committee Chair Justin Brannan , and Education Committee Chair Rita Joseph released the following joint statement. … READ MORE Joint Statement from Speaker Adrienne Adams, Finance Chair Justin Brannan, and Education Chair Rita Joseph on Mayoral Administration’s Early Childhood Education Funding Announcement April 16, 2025 On Wednesday, Mayor Adams’ administration announced the baselining of $167 million in early childhood education funding in the city budget, including $112 million for 3-K and $55 million for pre-school special education classes. However, the announcement does not include baselined funding for other education priorities championed by the Council. In response, Speaker Adrienne Adams , Finance Committee Chair Justin Brannan , and Education Committee Chair Rita Joseph released the following joint statement. … READ MORE Page 1 Page 2 Page 3 Page 4 Page 5 Page 6 Page 7 Next Page Last Page Press Releases Frequently Asked Questions Press Photos Search for: Recent Press Releases Speaker Adrienne Adams Responds to New York State Supreme Court’s TRO Ruling to Block Mayor Adams’ Executive Order Inviting Trump’s ICE to Set Up Office on Rikers April 25, 2025 April 25, 2025 As Trump Administration Threatens Trans and Gender Non-Conforming New Yorkers, New York City Council Votes to Protect Civil Rights and Healthcare Access, Ensure Support April 24, 2025 April 24, 2025 NYC Council Releases Report Outlining Outdoor Dining Laws and Policies to Provide Clear Roadmap ahead of Hearing to Identify Problems Faced by Restaurants and Their Solutions April 23, 2025 April 23, 2025 NYC Council Launches Agency Report Card Initiative to Strengthen Government Accountability and Service Delivery April 21, 2025 April 21, 2025 In Honor of Black Maternal Health Week, Speaker Adams, Council Leaders, Advocates, and Healthcare Workers Continue Call for Sustained Action to End Maternal Mortality April 17, 2025 April 17, 2025 Press Release Archives Visit the Council We're located at New York City Hall. Council Members each have an office at 250 Broadway , as well as offices in each of their districts. We want to hear from you You can reach us via social media, email, paper mail, or at your district office. For issues specific to a neighborhood, it's best to contact the Council Member representing that community. Have questions, comments or feedback? Email us here.        About Events What we do Caucuses Visit the Council District Info Job Opportunities Collective Bargaining Agreement Subscribe for Updates Our Privacy Policy Legislation Our Legislative Process Register to Testify Hearing Calendar and Video Archive Search legislation Legislative API Data Press & News Submit a “Freedom of Information Law” (FOIL) Request Press Releases Photos Past Featured Content Videos Media Inquiries For media inquiries, please contact press@council.nyc.gov Accessibility Read our Accessibility Statement  General Inquiries Error: Contact form not found. ×

--- 3rd Level Page: https://council.nyc.gov/about/ ---
New York City Council Search for:   Find My District Budget Committees Land Use Legislation Press Releases Translate this page Google Translate What we do Together, we… Introduce and vote on legislation (proposed laws) having to do with all aspects of City life. Negotiate the City’s budget with the Mayor and approve its adoption. Monitor City agencies such as the Department of Education and the NYPD to make sure they’re effectively serving New Yorkers. Review land use and make decisions about the growth and development of our city. Similar to Congress at the federal level, we are New York City’s legislative body. The Council is separate from the Mayor’s administration but an equal partner in how our City is run. So, for example, while the Mayor has the option of vetoing legislation that we have approved, the Council can respond with a two-thirds or more vote enacting a law over the objection of the Mayor to turn a bill into a law. The Council negotiates to ensure that certain services are included in the City’s budget. Leadership The Speaker The Speaker is elected by Council Members and leads us in setting priorities, passing laws, and directing public money for the benefit of New Yorkers. Currently, Speaker Adrienne Adams heads the Council. The Deputy Speaker Council Member Diana Ayala The Deputy Speaker Council Member Diana Ayala The Majority Leader Council Member Amanda Farías The Majority Whip Council Member Selvena Brooks-Powers The Minority Leader The Minority Whip Council Member Inna Vernikov How we work Hearings Most of our legislative work happens in committee meetings and hearings focused on human services, infrastructure, and government affairs. These committees discuss proposed laws, receive updates from agency representatives, and hear feedback from New Yorkers like you. Committees Each committee is chaired by a Council Member and meets at least once every other month, except in July and August. Every Council Member is assigned — through a voting process by all Council Members to – serve on various committees and subcommittees, a committee that considers specific matters and reports back to the standing committee. Caucuses The Council also meets in caucuses, a group of Members with shared concerns, to ensure that the needs of specific communities are represented. There are currently seven caucuses: Black, Latino and Asian (BLA) Caucus; Common-Sense Caucus; Irish Caucus; Jewish Caucus; LGBTQ Caucus; Progressive Caucus; and Women’s Caucus. Want to know more? Check out the complete rules of the Council here . (updated 1/18/2024) via BRIC TV Where we meet, vote, and listen Members have offices in each of their districts, and also a legislative office at 250 Broadway. We discuss issues in the Council side of City Hall and hold Stated Meetings, meetings held twice every month, and at Council Members’ discretion during July and August, in the Council Chambers to vote on legislation. Hearings are generally held at City Hall or 250 Broadway. And we spend a great deal of time in each of our districts, ensuring your needs are being met and your voice is being heard. What we do Together, we… Introduce and vote on legislation (proposed laws) having to do with all aspects of City life. Negotiate the City’s budget with the Mayor and approve its adoption. Monitor City agencies such as the Department of Education and the NYPD to make sure they’re effectively serving New Yorkers. Review land use and make decisions about the growth and development of our city. Similar to Congress at the federal level, we are New York City’s legislative body. The Council is separate from the Mayor’s administration but an equal partner in how our City is run. So, for example, while the Mayor has the option of vetoing legislation that we have approved, the Council can respond with a two-thirds or more vote enacting a law over the objection of the Mayor to turn a bill into a law. The Council negotiates to ensure that certain services are included in the City’s budget. Leadership The Speaker The Speaker is elected by Council Members and leads us in setting priorities, passing laws, and directing public money for the benefit of New Yorkers. Currently, Speaker Adrienne Adams heads the Council. The Deputy Speaker Council Member Diana Ayala Council Member Diana Ayala The Deputy Speaker Council Member Diana Ayala Council Member Diana Ayala The Majority Leader Council Member Amanda Farías Council Member Amanda Farías The Majority Whip Council Member Selvena Brooks-Powers Council Member Selvena Brooks-Powers The Minority Leader  The Minority Whip Council Member Inna Vernikov Council Member Inna Vernikov How we work Hearings Most of our legislative work happens in committee meetings and hearings focused on human services, infrastructure, and government affairs. These committees discuss proposed laws, receive updates from agency representatives, and hear feedback from New Yorkers like you. Committees Each committee is chaired by a Council Member and meets at least once every other month, except in July and August. Every Council Member is assigned — through a voting process by all Council Members to – serve on various committees and subcommittees, a committee that considers specific matters and reports back to the standing committee. Caucuses The Council also meets in caucuses, a group of Members with shared concerns, to ensure that the needs of specific communities are represented. There are currently seven caucuses: Black, Latino and Asian (BLA) Caucus; Common-Sense Caucus; Irish Caucus; Jewish Caucus; LGBTQ Caucus; Progressive Caucus; and Women’s Caucus. Want to know more? Check out the complete rules of the Council here . (updated 1/18/2024) via BRIC TV Where we meet, vote, and listen Members have offices in each of their districts, and also a legislative office at 250 Broadway. We discuss issues in the Council side of City Hall and hold Stated Meetings, meetings held twice every month, and at Council Members’ discretion during July and August, in the Council Chambers to vote on legislation. Hearings are generally held at City Hall or 250 Broadway. And we spend a great deal of time in each of our districts, ensuring your needs are being met and your voice is being heard. Visit the Council We're located at New York City Hall. Council Members each have an office at 250 Broadway , as well as offices in each of their districts. We want to hear from you You can reach us via social media, email, paper mail, or at your district office. For issues specific to a neighborhood, it's best to contact the Council Member representing that community. Have questions, comments or feedback? Email us here.        About Events What we do Caucuses Visit the Council District Info Job Opportunities Collective Bargaining Agreement Subscribe for Updates Our Privacy Policy Legislation Our Legislative Process Register to Testify Hearing Calendar and Video Archive Search legislation Legislative API Data Press & News Submit a “Freedom of Information Law” (FOIL) Request Press Releases Photos Past Featured Content Videos Media Inquiries For media inquiries, please contact press@council.nyc.gov Accessibility Read our Accessibility Statement  General Inquiries Error: Contact form not found. ×

--- 3rd Level Page: https://council.nyc.gov/legislation/wp-content/uploads/sites/55/2025/01/Jan-14-2025-notice.pdf ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://council.nyc.gov/caucuses/ ---
New York City Council Search for:   Find My District Budget Committees Land Use Legislation Press Releases Translate this page Google Translate Caucuses The Council meets in caucuses to ensure that the needs of specific communities are represented. Membership to each caucus is usually determined by a Council Member’s self-identification with a community associated with the Caucus. Black, Latino and Asian Caucus Common-Sense Caucus Irish Caucus Italian Caucus Jewish Caucus Lesbian, Gay, Bi-sexual, Transgender, Queer, Intersex, Asexual Caucus Progressive Caucus Women’s Caucus Caucuses The Council meets in caucuses to ensure that the needs of specific communities are represented. Membership to each caucus is usually determined by a Council Member’s self-identification with a community associated with the Caucus. Black, Latino and Asian Caucus Common-Sense Caucus Irish Caucus Italian Caucus Jewish Caucus Lesbian, Gay, Bi-sexual, Transgender, Queer, Intersex, Asexual Caucus Progressive Caucus Women’s Caucus Visit the Council We're located at New York City Hall. Council Members each have an office at 250 Broadway , as well as offices in each of their districts. We want to hear from you You can reach us via social media, email, paper mail, or at your district office. For issues specific to a neighborhood, it's best to contact the Council Member representing that community. Have questions, comments or feedback? Email us here.        About Events What we do Caucuses Visit the Council District Info Job Opportunities Collective Bargaining Agreement Subscribe for Updates Our Privacy Policy Legislation Our Legislative Process Register to Testify Hearing Calendar and Video Archive Search legislation Legislative API Data Press & News Submit a “Freedom of Information Law” (FOIL) Request Press Releases Photos Past Featured Content Videos Media Inquiries For media inquiries, please contact press@council.nyc.gov Accessibility Read our Accessibility Statement  General Inquiries Error: Contact form not found. ×

--- 3rd Level Page: http://legistar.council.nyc.gov/Legislation.aspx ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  Search: Search:  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today select All Types Charter Revision Referendums City Agency Report Commissioner of Deeds Communication Hearing Transcripts 1994 Hearing Transcripts 1995 Hearing Transcripts 1996 Hearing Transcripts 1997 Hearing Transcripts 1998 Hearing Transcripts 1999 Hearing Transcripts 2000 Hearing Transcripts 2001 Hearing Transcripts 2002 Introduction Land Use Application Land Use Call-Up Local Law Local Laws 1968 Local Laws 1969 Local Laws 1970 Local Laws 1971 Local Laws 1972 Local Laws 1973 Local Laws 1974 Local Laws 1975 Local Laws 1976 Local Laws 1977 Local Laws 1978 Local Laws 1979 Local Laws 1980 Local Laws 1981 Local Laws 1982 Local Laws 1983 Local Laws 1984 Local Laws 1985 Local Laws 1986 Local Laws 1987 Local Laws 1988 Local Laws 1989 Local Laws 1990 Local Laws 1991 Local Laws 1992 Local Laws 1993 Local Laws 1994 Local Laws 1995 Local Laws 1996 Local Laws 1997 Local Laws 1998 Local Laws 1999 Local Laws 2000 Local Laws 2001 Local Laws 2002 Local Laws 2003 Local Laws 2004 Local Laws 2005 Local Laws 2006 Local Laws 2007 Local Laws 2008 Local Laws 2009 Local Laws 2010 Local Laws 2011 Local Laws 2012 Local Laws 2013 Local Laws 2014 Local Laws 2015 Local Laws 2016 Local Laws 2017 Local Laws 2018 Local Laws 2019 Local Laws 2020 Local Laws 2021 Local Laws 2022 Local Laws 2023 Local Laws 2024 Local Laws 2025 Manhattan Borough Board Meeting Mayor's Message Motion N/A Oversight Past Policy Reports Petition Public Meeting Resolution SLR Special Event Tour Town Hall Meeting  select All Types Charter Revision Referendums City Agency Report Commissioner of Deeds Communication Hearing Transcripts 1994 Hearing Transcripts 1995 Hearing Transcripts 1996 Hearing Transcripts 1997 Hearing Transcripts 1998 Hearing Transcripts 1999 Hearing Transcripts 2000 Hearing Transcripts 2001 Hearing Transcripts 2002 Introduction Land Use Application Land Use Call-Up Local Law Local Laws 1968 Local Laws 1969 Local Laws 1970 Local Laws 1971 Local Laws 1972 Local Laws 1973 Local Laws 1974 Local Laws 1975 Local Laws 1976 Local Laws 1977 Local Laws 1978 Local Laws 1979 Local Laws 1980 Local Laws 1981 Local Laws 1982 Local Laws 1983 Local Laws 1984 Local Laws 1985 Local Laws 1986 Local Laws 1987 Local Laws 1988 Local Laws 1989 Local Laws 1990 Local Laws 1991 Local Laws 1992 Local Laws 1993 Local Laws 1994 Local Laws 1995 Local Laws 1996 Local Laws 1997 Local Laws 1998 Local Laws 1999 Local Laws 2000 Local Laws 2001 Local Laws 2002 Local Laws 2003 Local Laws 2004 Local Laws 2005 Local Laws 2006 Local Laws 2007 Local Laws 2008 Local Laws 2009 Local Laws 2010 Local Laws 2011 Local Laws 2012 Local Laws 2013 Local Laws 2014 Local Laws 2015 Local Laws 2016 Local Laws 2017 Local Laws 2018 Local Laws 2019 Local Laws 2020 Local Laws 2021 Local Laws 2022 Local Laws 2023 Local Laws 2024 Local Laws 2025 Manhattan Borough Board Meeting Mayor's Message Motion N/A Oversight Past Policy Reports Petition Public Meeting Resolution SLR Special Event Tour Town Hall Meeting file # text attachments other info file # text attachments other info    Search Legislation Search Legislation   0 records 0 records 0 records File # Law Number Type Status Committee Prime Sponsor Council Member Sponsors Title Please enter your search criteria. Please enter your search criteria.

--- 3rd Level Page: https://bsky.app/profile/council.nyc.gov ---
JavaScript Required This is a heavily interactive web application, and JavaScript is required. Simple HTML interfaces are possible, but that is not what this is. Learn more about Bluesky at bsky.social and atproto.com . Profile New York City Council council.nyc.gov did:plc:exnzbida4vm3bbpeofeay3qz The New York City Council is the lawmaking body of NYC, led by @nycspeakeradams.bsky.social Learn more about Bluesky at bsky.social and atproto.com . Profile New York City Council council.nyc.gov did:plc:exnzbida4vm3bbpeofeay3qz The New York City Council is the lawmaking body of NYC, led by @nycspeakeradams.bsky.social Profile New York City Council council.nyc.gov did:plc:exnzbida4vm3bbpeofeay3qz The New York City Council is the lawmaking body of NYC, led by @nycspeakeradams.bsky.social

--- 3rd Level Page: https://council.nyc.gov/press/press-photos/ ---
New York City Council Search for:   Find My District Budget Committees Land Use Legislation Press Releases Translate this page Google Translate Press Photos Official New York City Council photographs are available on our Flickr page at no charge to the public for personal or non-commercial use. These photos may not be manipulated in any way and may not be used in commercial materials, advertisements, emails, products or promotions that in any way suggest approval or endorsement of a product or service by the Council or its Members or employees. Council photos must have the following credit: Official NYC Council Photo by [NAME OF PHOTOGRAPHER per the Flickr Album title] You may request a copy of any photo not available on Flickr by contacting William Alatriste at walatriste@council.nyc.gov or by submitting a photo request form to the Council Records Access Officer, Danielle Barbato, by fax at 212.513.0701 or email at dbarbato@council.nyc.gov . Press Photos Official New York City Council photographs are available on our Flickr page at no charge to the public for personal or non-commercial use.  These photos may not be manipulated in any way and may not be used in commercial materials, advertisements, emails, products or promotions that in any way suggest approval or endorsement of a product or service by the Council or its Members or employees. Council photos must have the following credit: Official NYC Council Photo by [NAME OF PHOTOGRAPHER per the Flickr Album title] You may request a copy of any photo not available on Flickr by contacting William Alatriste at walatriste@council.nyc.gov or by submitting a photo request form to the Council Records Access Officer, Danielle Barbato, by fax at 212.513.0701 or email at dbarbato@council.nyc.gov . Press Releases Frequently Asked Questions Press Photos Search for: Recent Press Releases Speaker Adrienne Adams Responds to New York State Supreme Court’s TRO Ruling to Block Mayor Adams’ Executive Order Inviting Trump’s ICE to Set Up Office on Rikers April 25, 2025 April 25, 2025 As Trump Administration Threatens Trans and Gender Non-Conforming New Yorkers, New York City Council Votes to Protect Civil Rights and Healthcare Access, Ensure Support April 24, 2025 April 24, 2025 NYC Council Releases Report Outlining Outdoor Dining Laws and Policies to Provide Clear Roadmap ahead of Hearing to Identify Problems Faced by Restaurants and Their Solutions April 23, 2025 April 23, 2025 NYC Council Launches Agency Report Card Initiative to Strengthen Government Accountability and Service Delivery April 21, 2025 April 21, 2025 In Honor of Black Maternal Health Week, Speaker Adams, Council Leaders, Advocates, and Healthcare Workers Continue Call for Sustained Action to End Maternal Mortality April 17, 2025 April 17, 2025 Press Release Archives Visit the Council We're located at New York City Hall. Council Members each have an office at 250 Broadway , as well as offices in each of their districts. We want to hear from you You can reach us via social media, email, paper mail, or at your district office. For issues specific to a neighborhood, it's best to contact the Council Member representing that community. Have questions, comments or feedback? Email us here.        About Events What we do Caucuses Visit the Council District Info Job Opportunities Collective Bargaining Agreement Subscribe for Updates Our Privacy Policy Legislation Our Legislative Process Register to Testify Hearing Calendar and Video Archive Search legislation Legislative API Data Press & News Submit a “Freedom of Information Law” (FOIL) Request Press Releases Photos Past Featured Content Videos Media Inquiries For media inquiries, please contact press@council.nyc.gov Accessibility Read our Accessibility Statement  General Inquiries Error: Contact form not found. ×

--- 3rd Level Page: https://council.nyc.gov/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/2021-2027-CBA-4-16-24-Fully-Executed.pdf ---


--- 3rd Level Page: https://twitter.com/NYCCouncil ---
This browser is no longer supported. Please switch to a supported browser to continue using x.com. You can see a list of supported browsers in our Help Center. Help Center Terms of Service Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Imprint Ads info © 2025 X Corp.

--- 3rd Level Page: https://council.nyc.gov/district-8/ ---
New York City Council Search for:   Find My District Budget Committees Land Use Legislation Press Releases Translate this page Google Translate District 8 Diana Ayala Mott Haven-Port Morris, Melrose, Concourse-Concourse Village, Upper East Side-Carnegie Hill, Upper East Side-Yorkville, East Harlem (South), East Harlem (North), Randall's Island Diana Ayala has worked for nearly two decades serving the people of the 8th District in social service agencies and government, and is a passionate advocate on issues including housing, gun violence, and senior services. Diana was born in Río Piedras, Puerto Rico, and moved to New York City with her family as a child. Growing up in public housing after a time in the shelter system, she experienced numerous challenges that would help give her a unique voice and perspective in government and politics, and drive her passion for public service. As a teenage mom-to-be, the father of Diana’s son was shot and killed in a senseless shooting, after which she returned to shelter. She later entered into a new relationship that proved abusive. In the face of these challenges, she found the personal strength to start her life over, enrolling in school and receiving her associate’s degree in Human Services from Bronx Community College. She worked as a senior center director in East Harlem for seven years, and later joined the team for Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito as Constituent Services Director, ultimately becoming Deputy Chief of Staff. In her capacity as Deputy Speaker, Diana has been instrumental in crafting legislation that has become law, such as: Banning the sale of guinea pigs citywide to encourage more adoptions for our furry friends. … READ MORE Committees Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges, and Elections Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Finance Committee on General Welfare (Chair) Caucuses Black, Latino and Asian Caucus Women’s Caucus Diana Ayala has worked for nearly two decades serving the people of the 8th District in social service agencies and government, and is a passionate advocate on issues including housing, gun violence, and senior services. Diana was born in Río Piedras, Puerto Rico, and moved to New York City with her family as a child. Growing up in public housing after a time in the shelter system, she experienced numerous challenges that would help give her a unique voice and perspective in government and politics, and drive her passion for public service. As a teenage mom-to-be, the father of Diana’s son was shot and killed in a senseless shooting, after which she returned to shelter. She later entered into a new relationship that proved abusive. In the face of these challenges, she found the personal strength to start her life over, enrolling in school and receiving her associate’s degree in Human Services from Bronx Community College. She worked as a senior center director in East Harlem for seven years, and later joined the team for Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito as Constituent Services Director, ultimately becoming Deputy Chief of Staff. In her capacity as Deputy Speaker, Diana has been instrumental in crafting legislation that has become law, such as: Banning the sale of guinea pigs citywide to encourage more adoptions for our furry friends. … READ MORE Committees Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges, and Elections Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Finance Committee on General Welfare (Chair) Caucuses Black, Latino and Asian Caucus Women’s Caucus Biography Legislative Accomplishments East 125th Street Development Taskforce Staff Directory Resources Newsletter Join our mailing list! FY’25 Discretionary Funding Expense and Capital Application Information District Office East Harlem Office: 105 East 116th Street New York, NY 10029 Phone: 212-828-9800 Fax: 212-722-6378 Bronx Office: 214 St. Ann's Avenue Bronx, New York 10454 Phone: 347-297-4922 Fax: 347-270-1213 Legislative Office 250 Broadway, Suite 1764 New York, NY 10007 Phone: 212-788-6960 Fax: 212-227-1215 Visit the Council We're located at New York City Hall. Council Members each have an office at 250 Broadway , as well as offices in each of their districts. We want to hear from you You can reach us via social media, email, paper mail, or at your district office. For issues specific to a neighborhood, it's best to contact the Council Member representing that community. Have questions, comments or feedback? Email us here.        About Events What we do Caucuses Visit the Council District Info Job Opportunities Collective Bargaining Agreement Subscribe for Updates Our Privacy Policy Legislation Our Legislative Process Register to Testify Hearing Calendar and Video Archive Search legislation Legislative API Data Press & News Submit a “Freedom of Information Law” (FOIL) Request Press Releases Photos Past Featured Content Videos Media Inquiries For media inquiries, please contact press@council.nyc.gov Accessibility Read our Accessibility Statement  General Inquiries Error: Contact form not found. ×

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/LegislationDetail.aspx?ID=5656484&GUID=57A4C221-38C2-4154-9140-B4072D469CF0&Options=Advanced&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Reports File #: Int 0375-2022 Version: * A Name: Reporting on the results of lotteries administered by the department of housing preservation and development for affordable housing units for tenants with disabilities. Type: Introduction Status: Enacted Committee: Committee on Housing and Buildings On agenda: 5/19/2022 Enactment date: 2/21/2023 Law number: 2023/025 Title: A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to reporting on the results of lotteries administered by the department of housing preservation and development for affordable housing units for tenants with disabilities Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Sandy Nurse , Shekar Krishnan , Shaun Abreu , Kristin Richardson Jordan , Pierina Ana Sanchez , Shahana K. Hanif , Tiffany Cabán , Robert F. Holden , Justin L. Brannan , Mercedes Narcisse , Eric Dinowitz , Carlina Rivera , James F. Gennaro Council Member Sponsors: 14 Summary: This bill would require the Department of Housing Preservation and Development to report every three years on how many of their affordable housing units set aside for persons with disabilities are actually rented to persons with disabilities. Indexes: Report Required Attachments: 1. Summary of Int. No. 375-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 375 , 3. Int. No. 375 , 4. May 19, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  5-19-22 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - May 19, 2022 , 7. Committee Report 10/3/22 , 8. Hearing Testimony 10/3/22 , 9. Hearing Transcript 10/3/22 , 10. Proposed Int. No. 375-A - 1/27/23 , 11. Committee Report 2/2/23 , 12. Hearing Transcript 2/2/23 , 13. February 2, 2023 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 14. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  2-2-23 , 15. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - February 2, 2023 , 16. Int. No. 375-A (FINAL) , 17. Fiscal Impact Statement , 18. Mayor's Letter , 19. Local Law 25 History (15) Text 15 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 2/21/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Recved from Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 2/21/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Mayor Signed Into Law by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 2/21/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Mayor Hearing Held by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 2/2/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 2/2/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 2/2/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 2/2/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 2/2/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Amended by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 2/2/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 10/3/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Aging Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 10/3/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Aging Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 10/3/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 10/3/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 5/19/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 5/19/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available Int. No. 375-A By Council Members Ayala, Nurse, Krishnan, Abreu, Richardson Jordan, Sanchez, Hanif, Cabán, Holden, Brannan, Narcisse, Dinowitz, Rivera and Gennaro A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to reporting on the results of lotteries administered by the department of housing preservation and development for affordable housing units for tenants with disabilities Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Section 1. The opening paragraph of subdivision b and subdivision f of section 26-2602 of the administrative code of the city of New York, as added by local law number 217 for the year 2019, are amended to read as follows: b. The data in such report shall be presented at the citywide, borough and community district levels, with aggregated totals for each of the paragraphs in subdivision d, except that the data responsive to the inquiry specified in paragraph 4 of subdivision d shall be aggregated only at the borough level , and the data responsive to the inquiry specified in subdivision d-1 shall be presented as otherwise provided in subdivision d-1 . For each required geographic level, data responsive to the inquiries specified in subdivision d shall be disaggregated by the following items: f. If a category disaggregated in subdivisions b, c [or] , d , or d-1 contains between 0 and 9 applicants, or allows another category to be narrowed to between 0 and 9 applicants, the number shall be replaced with a symbol. § 2. Section 26-2602 of the administrative code of the city of New York is amended by adding a new subdivision d-1 to read as follows: d-1. In addition to the data provided pursuant to subdivisions b, c and d, the report required by this section shall also include the following data for applicants with a mobility, or vision or hearing, disability who applied through the housing lottery system for affordable housing: 1. Data responsive to the inquiry specified in paragraph 1 of subdivision d, disaggregated at the citywide and borough levels by disability status; and 2. The number of applicants with a mobility, or vision or hearing, disability who signed a lease for an affordable housing unit that is designated as accessible for a person with such disability, disaggregated only at the borough level. § 3. This local law takes effect immediately. Session 12 EB/TZ LS #1723 1/25/23 12:25 PM Session 11 MJT LS #8326 Int. #1338-2020 Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text) Details Details Details Details Reports Reports Reports Reports File #: File #: Int 0375-2022 Version: * A Int 0375-2022 Version: Name: Name: Reporting on the results of lotteries administered by the department of housing preservation and development for affordable housing units for tenants with disabilities. Reporting on the results of lotteries administered by the department of housing preservation and development for affordable housing units for tenants with disabilities. Type: Type: Introduction Introduction Status: Status: Enacted Enacted   Committee: Committee: Committee on Housing and Buildings On agenda: On agenda: 5/19/2022 5/19/2022   Enactment date: Enactment date: 2/21/2023 2/21/2023 Law number: Law number: 2023/025 2023/025 Title: Title: A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to reporting on the results of lotteries administered by the department of housing preservation and development for affordable housing units for tenants with disabilities A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to reporting on the results of lotteries administered by the department of housing preservation and development for affordable housing units for tenants with disabilities Sponsors: Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Sandy Nurse , Shekar Krishnan , Shaun Abreu , Kristin Richardson Jordan , Pierina Ana Sanchez , Shahana K. Hanif , Tiffany Cabán , Robert F. Holden , Justin L. Brannan , Mercedes Narcisse , Eric Dinowitz , Carlina Rivera , James F. Gennaro Diana I. Ayala , Sandy Nurse , Shekar Krishnan , Shaun Abreu , Kristin Richardson Jordan , Pierina Ana Sanchez , Shahana K. Hanif , Tiffany Cabán , Robert F. Holden , Justin L. Brannan , Mercedes Narcisse , Eric Dinowitz , Carlina Rivera , James F. Gennaro Council Member Sponsors: Council Member Sponsors: 14 14 Summary: Summary: This bill would require the Department of Housing Preservation and Development to report every three years on how many of their affordable housing units set aside for persons with disabilities are actually rented to persons with disabilities. This bill would require the Department of Housing Preservation and Development to report every three years on how many of their affordable housing units set aside for persons with disabilities are actually rented to persons with disabilities. Indexes: Indexes: Report Required Report Required Attachments: Attachments: 1. Summary of Int. No. 375-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 375 , 3. Int. No. 375 , 4. May 19, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  5-19-22 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - May 19, 2022 , 7. Committee Report 10/3/22 , 8. Hearing Testimony 10/3/22 , 9. Hearing Transcript 10/3/22 , 10. Proposed Int. No. 375-A - 1/27/23 , 11. Committee Report 2/2/23 , 12. Hearing Transcript 2/2/23 , 13. February 2, 2023 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 14. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  2-2-23 , 15. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - February 2, 2023 , 16. Int. No. 375-A (FINAL) , 17. Fiscal Impact Statement , 18. Mayor's Letter , 19. Local Law 25 1. Summary of Int. No. 375-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 375 , 3. Int. No. 375 , 4. May 19, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  5-19-22 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - May 19, 2022 , 7. Committee Report 10/3/22 , 8. Hearing Testimony 10/3/22 , 9. Hearing Transcript 10/3/22 , 10. Proposed Int. No. 375-A - 1/27/23 , 11. Committee Report 2/2/23 , 12. Hearing Transcript 2/2/23 , 13. February 2, 2023 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 14. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  2-2-23 , 15. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - February 2, 2023 , 16. Int. No. 375-A (FINAL) , 17. Fiscal Impact Statement , 18. Mayor's Letter , 19. Local Law 25 History (15) History (15) History (15) History (15) Text Text Text Text 15 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 15 records 15 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Date Group by Action By Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 2/21/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Recved from Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 2/21/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Mayor Signed Into Law by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 2/21/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Mayor Hearing Held by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 2/2/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 2/2/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 2/2/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 2/2/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 2/2/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Amended by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 2/2/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 10/3/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Aging Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 10/3/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Aging Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 10/3/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 10/3/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 5/19/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 5/19/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 2/21/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Recved from Mayor by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 2/21/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Mayor Signed Into Law by Mayor  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 2/21/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Mayor Hearing Held by Mayor  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 2/2/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 2/2/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 2/2/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 2/2/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 2/2/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Amended by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 2/2/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 10/3/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Aging Laid Over by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 10/3/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Aging Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 10/3/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Laid Over by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 10/3/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 5/19/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 5/19/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available Int. No. 375-A Int. No. 375-A   By Council Members Ayala, Nurse, Krishnan, Abreu, Richardson Jordan, Sanchez, Hanif, Cabán, Holden, Brannan, Narcisse, Dinowitz, Rivera and Gennaro By Council Members Ayala, Nurse, Krishnan, Abreu, Richardson Jordan, Sanchez, Hanif, Cabán, Holden, Brannan, Narcisse, Dinowitz, Rivera and Gennaro   A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to reporting on the results of lotteries administered by the department of housing preservation and development for affordable housing units for tenants with disabilities A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to reporting on the results of lotteries administered by the department of housing preservation and development for affordable housing units for tenants with disabilities   Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Be it enacted by the Council as follows:   Section 1. The opening paragraph of subdivision b and subdivision f of section 26-2602 of the administrative code of the city of New York, as added by local law number 217 for the year 2019, are amended to read as follows: Section 1. The opening paragraph of subdivision b and subdivision f of section 26-2602 of the administrative code of the city of New York, as added by local law number 217 for the year 2019, are amended to read as follows: b. The data in such report shall be presented at the citywide, borough and community district levels, with aggregated totals for each of the paragraphs in subdivision d, except that the data responsive to the inquiry specified in paragraph 4 of subdivision d shall be aggregated only at the borough level , and the data responsive to the inquiry specified in subdivision d-1 shall be presented as otherwise provided in subdivision d-1 . For each required geographic level, data responsive to the inquiries specified in subdivision d shall be disaggregated by the following items: b. The data in such report shall be presented at the citywide, borough and community district levels, with aggregated totals for each of the paragraphs in subdivision d, except that the data responsive to the inquiry specified in paragraph 4 of subdivision d shall be aggregated only at the borough level , and the data responsive to the inquiry specified in subdivision d-1 shall be presented as otherwise provided in subdivision d-1 . For each required geographic level, data responsive to the inquiries specified in subdivision d shall be disaggregated by the following items: f. If a category disaggregated in subdivisions b, c [or] , d , or d-1 contains between 0 and 9 applicants, or allows another category to be narrowed to between 0 and 9 applicants, the number shall be replaced with a symbol. f. If a category disaggregated in subdivisions b, c [or] , d , or d-1 contains between 0 and 9 applicants, or allows another category to be narrowed to between 0 and 9 applicants, the number shall be replaced with a symbol. § 2. Section 26-2602 of the administrative code of the city of New York is amended by adding a new subdivision d-1 to read as follows: § 2. Section 26-2602 of the administrative code of the city of New York is amended by adding a new subdivision d-1 to read as follows: d-1. In addition to the data provided pursuant to subdivisions b, c and d, the report required by this section shall also include the following data for applicants with a mobility, or vision or hearing, disability who applied through the housing lottery system for affordable housing: d-1. In addition to the data provided pursuant to subdivisions b, c and d, the report required by this section shall also include the following data for applicants with a mobility, or vision or hearing, disability who applied through the housing lottery system for affordable housing: 1. Data responsive to the inquiry specified in paragraph 1 of subdivision d, disaggregated at the citywide and borough levels by disability status; and 1. Data responsive to the inquiry specified in paragraph 1 of subdivision d, disaggregated at the citywide and borough levels by disability status; and 2. The number of applicants with a mobility, or vision or hearing, disability who signed a lease for an affordable housing unit that is designated as accessible for a person with such disability, disaggregated only at the borough level. 2. The number of applicants with a mobility, or vision or hearing, disability who signed a lease for an affordable housing unit that is designated as accessible for a person with such disability, disaggregated only at the borough level. § 3. This local law takes effect immediately. § 3. This local law takes effect immediately.     Session 12 Session 12 EB/TZ EB/TZ LS #1723 LS #1723 1/25/23 12:25 PM 1/25/23 12:25 PM   Session 11 Session 11 MJT MJT LS #8326 LS #8326 Int. #1338-2020 Int. #1338-2020 Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text)

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/LegislationDetail.aspx?ID=5691570&GUID=F62416EB-2D71-4743-9C99-69E88AC88E3C&Options=Advanced&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Reports File #: Res 0222-2022 Version: * Name: COMPUTING AND CERTIFYING ADJUSTED BASE PROPORTION OF EACH CLASS OF REAL PROPERTY FOR FISCAL 2023 TO THE STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY TAX SERVICES PURSUANT TO SECTION 1803-a OF THE REAL PROPERTY TAX LAW. Type: Resolution Status: Adopted Committee: Committee on Finance On agenda: 6/13/2022 Enactment date: Law number: Title: RESOLUTION COMPUTING AND CERTIFYING ADJUSTED BASE PROPORTION OF EACH CLASS OF REAL PROPERTY FOR FISCAL 2023 TO THE STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY TAX SERVICES PURSUANT TO SECTION 1803-a OF THE REAL PROPERTY TAX LAW. Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala Council Member Sponsors: 1 Attachments: 1. Res. No. 222 , 2. Committee Report , 3. Exhibit A , 4. Hearing Transcript , 5. June 13, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 6. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  6-13-22 , 7. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 13, 2022 History (5) Text 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved, by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance P-C Item Approved by Comm Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Preconsidered Res. 222 RESOLUTION COMPUTING AND CERTIFYING ADJUSTED BASE PROPORTION OF EACH CLASS OF REAL PROPERTY FOR FISCAL 2023 TO THE STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY TAX SERVICES PURSUANT TO SECTION 1803-a OF THE REAL PROPERTY TAX LAW. By Council Member Ayala WHEREAS , This Resolution, dated June 13, 2022, computes and certifies the adjusted base proportion of each class of real property for the fiscal year beginning on July 1, 2022 and ending on June 30, 2023 (“Fiscal 2023”) to the State Board of Real Property Tax Services (“SBRPTS”) pursuant to Section 1803-a of the Real Property Tax Law; and WHEREAS , On May 25, 2022, pursuant to Section 1514 of the New York City Charter, the Commissioner of the Department of Finance delivered to the Council the certified assessment rolls for all real property assessable for taxation in the City in each borough thereof for Fiscal 2023, a certified copy of which is in the Office of the Clerk of the City pursuant to Section 516 of the Real Property Tax Law (the "Fiscal 2023 Assessment Rolls"); and WHEREAS , Pursuant to Section 1803-a(1) of the Real Property Tax Law the Council adopts herewith a resolution in which the Council computed and certified the current base proportion, the current percentage and the base percentage of each class of real property in the City for Fiscal 2023 (the "Current Base Proportion Resolution"); and WHEREAS , Section 1803-a(5) of the Real Property Tax Law requires the Council, subsequent to the filing of the final Fiscal 2023 Assessment Rolls, to adjust current base proportions computed pursuant to the Current Base Proportion Resolution to reflect additions to and removals from the Fiscal 2023 Assessment Rolls as described therein (each such current base proportion so adjusted to be known as an "Adjusted Base Proportion"); and WHEREAS , Within five days upon determination of the Adjusted Base Proportions, Section 1803-a(6) of the Real Property Tax Law, requires the Council to certify, to the SBRPTS, the Adjusted Base Proportion for each class of real property applicable to the City, the assessed value of all property in each class of real property, the net change in assessed value for each class on the Fiscal 2023 Assessment Rolls resulting from the additions to or removals from the Fiscal 2023 Assessment Rolls as described above, and the net change in assessed value for each class on the Fiscal  2023 Assessment Rolls resulting from changes other than those referred to above; NOW, THEREFORE , be it resolved by The Council of The City of New York as follows: Section 1. Computation and Certification of Adjusted Base Proportions and Related Information for Fiscal 2023. (a) The Council hereby computes and certifies the Adjusted Base Proportion for each class of real property applicable to the City, the assessed value of all property in each class of real property, the net change in assessed value for each class on the Fiscal 2023 Assessment Rolls resulting from the additions to or removals from the Fiscal 2023 Assessment Rolls as described in Section 1803-a(5) of the Real Property Tax Law, and the net change in assessed value for each class on the Fiscal 2023 Assessment Rolls resulting from changes other than those described in Section 1803-a(5) of the Real Property Tax Law, as shown on SBRPTS Form RP-6702, attached hereto as Exhibit A and incorporated herein by reference (the "ABP Certificate"). (b) The Clerk of the Council is hereby authorized and directed to execute the ABP Certificate and to file it with the SBRPTS no later than five days after the date hereof. Section 2. Effective Date. This resolution shall take effect as of the date hereof. AW/EE/MB 6/13/2022 Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text) Details Details Details Details Reports Reports Reports Reports File #: File #: Res 0222-2022 Version: * Res 0222-2022 Version: * Name: Name: COMPUTING AND CERTIFYING ADJUSTED BASE PROPORTION OF EACH CLASS OF REAL PROPERTY FOR FISCAL 2023 TO THE STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY TAX SERVICES PURSUANT TO SECTION 1803-a OF THE REAL PROPERTY TAX LAW. COMPUTING AND CERTIFYING ADJUSTED BASE PROPORTION OF EACH CLASS OF REAL PROPERTY FOR FISCAL 2023 TO THE STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY TAX SERVICES PURSUANT TO SECTION 1803-a OF THE REAL PROPERTY TAX LAW. Type: Type: Resolution Resolution Status: Status: Adopted Adopted   Committee: Committee: Committee on Finance On agenda: On agenda: 6/13/2022 6/13/2022   Enactment date: Enactment date:   Law number: Law number:   Title: Title: RESOLUTION COMPUTING AND CERTIFYING ADJUSTED BASE PROPORTION OF EACH CLASS OF REAL PROPERTY FOR FISCAL 2023 TO THE STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY TAX SERVICES PURSUANT TO SECTION 1803-a OF THE REAL PROPERTY TAX LAW. RESOLUTION COMPUTING AND CERTIFYING ADJUSTED BASE PROPORTION OF EACH CLASS OF REAL PROPERTY FOR FISCAL 2023 TO THE STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY TAX SERVICES PURSUANT TO SECTION 1803-a OF THE REAL PROPERTY TAX LAW. Sponsors: Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala Diana I. Ayala Council Member Sponsors: Council Member Sponsors: 1 1 Attachments: Attachments: 1. Res. No. 222 , 2. Committee Report , 3. Exhibit A , 4. Hearing Transcript , 5. June 13, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 6. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  6-13-22 , 7. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 13, 2022 1. Res. No. 222 , 2. Committee Report , 3. Exhibit A , 4. Hearing Transcript , 5. June 13, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 6. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  6-13-22 , 7. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 13, 2022 History (5) History (5) History (5) History (5) Text Text Text Text 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 5 records 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Date Group by Action By Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved, by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance P-C Item Approved by Comm Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved, by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Hearing on P-C Item by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance P-C Item Approved by Comm Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available Preconsidered Res. 222 Preconsidered Res. 222   RESOLUTION COMPUTING AND CERTIFYING ADJUSTED BASE PROPORTION OF EACH CLASS OF REAL PROPERTY FOR FISCAL 2023 TO THE STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY TAX SERVICES PURSUANT TO SECTION 1803-a OF THE REAL PROPERTY TAX LAW. RESOLUTION COMPUTING AND CERTIFYING ADJUSTED BASE PROPORTION OF EACH CLASS OF REAL PROPERTY FOR FISCAL 2023 TO THE STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY TAX SERVICES PURSUANT TO SECTION 1803-a OF THE REAL PROPERTY TAX LAW.   By Council Member Ayala By Council Member Ayala   WHEREAS , This Resolution, dated June 13, 2022, computes and certifies the adjusted base proportion of each class of real property for the fiscal year beginning on July 1, 2022 and ending on June 30, 2023 (“Fiscal 2023”) to the State Board of Real Property Tax Services (“SBRPTS”) pursuant to Section 1803-a of the Real Property Tax Law; and WHEREAS , This Resolution, dated June 13, 2022, computes and certifies the adjusted base proportion of each class of real property for the fiscal year beginning on July 1, 2022 and ending on June 30, 2023 (“Fiscal 2023”) to the State Board of Real Property Tax Services (“SBRPTS”) pursuant to Section 1803-a of the Real Property Tax Law; and   WHEREAS , On May 25, 2022, pursuant to Section 1514 of the New York City Charter, the Commissioner of the Department of Finance delivered to the Council the certified assessment rolls for all real property assessable for taxation in the City in each borough thereof for Fiscal 2023, a certified copy of which is in the Office of the Clerk of the City pursuant to Section 516 of the Real Property Tax Law (the "Fiscal 2023 Assessment Rolls"); and WHEREAS , On May 25, 2022, pursuant to Section 1514 of the New York City Charter, the Commissioner of the Department of Finance delivered to the Council the certified assessment rolls for all real property assessable for taxation in the City in each borough thereof for Fiscal 2023, a certified copy of which is in the Office of the Clerk of the City pursuant to Section 516 of the Real Property Tax Law (the "Fiscal 2023 Assessment Rolls"); and   WHEREAS , Pursuant to Section 1803-a(1) of the Real Property Tax Law the Council adopts herewith a resolution in which the Council computed and certified the current base proportion, the current percentage and the base percentage of each class of real property in the City for Fiscal 2023 (the "Current Base Proportion Resolution"); and WHEREAS , Pursuant to Section 1803-a(1) of the Real Property Tax Law the Council adopts herewith a resolution in which the Council computed and certified the current base proportion, the current percentage and the base percentage of each class of real property in the City for Fiscal 2023 (the "Current Base Proportion Resolution"); and   WHEREAS , Section 1803-a(5) of the Real Property Tax Law requires the Council, subsequent to the filing of the final Fiscal 2023 Assessment Rolls, to adjust current base proportions computed pursuant to the Current Base Proportion Resolution to reflect additions to and removals from the Fiscal 2023 Assessment Rolls as described therein (each such current base proportion so adjusted to be known as an "Adjusted Base Proportion"); and WHEREAS , Section 1803-a(5) of the Real Property Tax Law requires the Council, subsequent to the filing of the final Fiscal 2023 Assessment Rolls, to adjust current base proportions computed pursuant to the Current Base Proportion Resolution to reflect additions to and removals from the Fiscal 2023 Assessment Rolls as described therein (each such current base proportion so adjusted to be known as an "Adjusted Base Proportion"); and   WHEREAS , Within five days upon determination of the Adjusted Base Proportions, Section 1803-a(6) of the Real Property Tax Law, requires the Council to certify, to the SBRPTS, the Adjusted Base Proportion for each class of real property applicable to the City, the assessed value of all property in each class of real property, the net change in assessed value for each class on the Fiscal 2023 Assessment Rolls resulting from the additions to or removals from the Fiscal 2023 Assessment Rolls as described above, and the net change in assessed value for each class on the Fiscal  2023 Assessment Rolls resulting from changes other than those referred to above; WHEREAS , Within five days upon determination of the Adjusted Base Proportions, Section 1803-a(6) of the Real Property Tax Law, requires the Council to certify, to the SBRPTS, the Adjusted Base Proportion for each class of real property applicable to the City, the assessed value of all property in each class of real property, the net change in assessed value for each class on the Fiscal 2023 Assessment Rolls resulting from the additions to or removals from the Fiscal 2023 Assessment Rolls as described above, and the net change in assessed value for each class on the Fiscal  2023 Assessment Rolls resulting from changes other than those referred to above;   NOW, THEREFORE , be it resolved by The Council of The City of New York as follows: NOW, THEREFORE , be it resolved by The Council of The City of New York as follows:    Section 1. Computation and Certification of Adjusted Base Proportions and Related Information for Fiscal 2023. (a) The Council hereby computes and certifies the Adjusted Base Proportion for each class of real property applicable to the City, the assessed value of all property in each class of real property, the net change in assessed value for each class on the Fiscal 2023 Assessment Rolls resulting from the additions to or removals from the Fiscal 2023 Assessment Rolls as described in Section 1803-a(5) of the Real Property Tax Law, and the net change in assessed value for each class on the Fiscal 2023 Assessment Rolls resulting from changes other than those described in Section 1803-a(5) of the Real Property Tax Law, as shown on SBRPTS Form RP-6702, attached hereto as Exhibit A and incorporated herein by reference (the "ABP Certificate"). Section 1. Computation and Certification of Adjusted Base Proportions and Related Information for Fiscal 2023. (a) The Council hereby computes and certifies the Adjusted Base Proportion for each class of real property applicable to the City, the assessed value of all property in each class of real property, the net change in assessed value for each class on the Fiscal 2023 Assessment Rolls resulting from the additions to or removals from the Fiscal 2023 Assessment Rolls as described in Section 1803-a(5) of the Real Property Tax Law, and the net change in assessed value for each class on the Fiscal 2023 Assessment Rolls resulting from changes other than those described in Section 1803-a(5) of the Real Property Tax Law, as shown on SBRPTS Form RP-6702, attached hereto as Exhibit A and incorporated herein by reference (the "ABP Certificate").   (b) The Clerk of the Council is hereby authorized and directed to execute the ABP Certificate and to file it with the SBRPTS no later than five days after the date hereof. (b) The Clerk of the Council is hereby authorized and directed to execute the ABP Certificate and to file it with the SBRPTS no later than five days after the date hereof.   Section 2. Effective Date. This resolution shall take effect as of the date hereof. Section 2. Effective Date. This resolution shall take effect as of the date hereof.             AW/EE/MB AW/EE/MB 6/13/2022 6/13/2022 Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text)

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/LegislationDetail.aspx?ID=5668105&GUID=E19C855B-D3C0-451F-84E6-088862C01F49&Options=Advanced&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Reports File #: Res 0194-2022 Version: * Name: Establish that the interest rate be 14 percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023 for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of more than $450,000, or more than $450,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments. Type: Resolution Status: Adopted Committee: Committee on Finance On agenda: 6/2/2022 Enactment date: Law number: Title: Resolution to establish that the interest rate be 14 percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023 for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of more than $450,000, or more than $450,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments. Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Shaun Abreu Council Member Sponsors: 2 Attachments: 1. Res. No. 194 , 2. Committee Report 6/2/22 , 3. Hearing Transcript 6/2/22 , 4. June 2, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  6-2-22 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 2, 2022 , 7. Memorandum , 8. Committee Report 6/16/22 , 9. Hearing Transcript 6/16/22 , 10. June 16, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 11. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  6-16-22 , 12. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 16, 2022 History (7) Text 7 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 6/16/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved, by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 6/16/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 6/16/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance P-C Item Laid Over by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available Res. No. 194 Resolution to establish that the interest rate be 14 percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023 for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of more than $450,000, or more than $450,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments. By Council Members Ayala and Abreu Whereas, Pursuant to Section 11-224.1 of the Administrative Code of the City of New York the Banking Commission is required to recommend to the City Council, not later than the 13th day of May of each year, the proposed interest rate to be charged for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of more than $450,000, or more than $450,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments; and Whereas, The Banking Commission is required to propose a rate at least six percentage points per annum greater than the prevailing interest rate charged for commercial loans extended to prime borrowers by commercial banks operating in the City (the “Prime Rate”); and Whereas, The Banking Commission notes that as of May 12, 2022, the Prime Rate stands at four percent as published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System; and Whereas, It is in the best interest of the City to encourage the prompt payment of taxes on real estate by all taxpayers; and Whereas, The Banking Commission forwarded its recommendation to the Council, by letter dated May 13, 2022, that the interest rate to be charged for the non-payment of taxes on properties where the assessed value of more than $450,000, or more than $450,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments, be 18 percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023; now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Council of the City of New York establishes that the interest rate be 14 percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023 for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of more than $450,000, or more than $450,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments. MMB LS #9463 5/24/22; 9:41 a.m. Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text) Details Details Details Details Reports Reports Reports Reports File #: File #: Res 0194-2022 Version: * Res 0194-2022 Version: * Name: Name: Establish that the interest rate be 14 percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023 for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of more than $450,000, or more than $450,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments. Establish that the interest rate be 14 percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023 for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of more than $450,000, or more than $450,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments. Type: Type: Resolution Resolution Status: Status: Adopted Adopted   Committee: Committee: Committee on Finance On agenda: On agenda: 6/2/2022 6/2/2022   Enactment date: Enactment date:   Law number: Law number:   Title: Title: Resolution to establish that the interest rate be 14 percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023 for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of more than $450,000, or more than $450,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments. Resolution to establish that the interest rate be 14 percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023 for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of more than $450,000, or more than $450,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments. Sponsors: Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Shaun Abreu Diana I. Ayala , Shaun Abreu Council Member Sponsors: Council Member Sponsors: 2 2 Attachments: Attachments: 1. Res. No. 194 , 2. Committee Report 6/2/22 , 3. Hearing Transcript 6/2/22 , 4. June 2, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  6-2-22 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 2, 2022 , 7. Memorandum , 8. Committee Report 6/16/22 , 9. Hearing Transcript 6/16/22 , 10. June 16, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 11. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  6-16-22 , 12. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 16, 2022 1. Res. No. 194 , 2. Committee Report 6/2/22 , 3. Hearing Transcript 6/2/22 , 4. June 2, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  6-2-22 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 2, 2022 , 7. Memorandum , 8. Committee Report 6/16/22 , 9. Hearing Transcript 6/16/22 , 10. June 16, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 11. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  6-16-22 , 12. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 16, 2022 History (7) History (7) History (7) History (7) Text Text Text Text 7 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 7 records 7 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Date Group by Action By Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 6/16/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved, by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 6/16/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 6/16/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance P-C Item Laid Over by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 6/16/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved, by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/16/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/16/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Hearing on P-C Item by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance P-C Item Laid Over by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available Res. No. 194 Res. No. 194 Resolution to establish that the interest rate be 14 percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023 for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of more than $450,000, or more than $450,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments. Resolution to establish that the interest rate be 14 percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023 for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of more than $450,000, or more than $450,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments.   By Council Members Ayala and Abreu By Council Members Ayala and Abreu   Whereas, Pursuant to Section 11-224.1 of the Administrative Code of the City of New York the Banking Commission is required to recommend to the City Council, not later than the 13th day of May of each year, the proposed interest rate to be charged for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of more than $450,000, or more than $450,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments; and  Whereas, Pursuant to Section 11-224.1 of the Administrative Code of the City of New York the Banking Commission is required to recommend to the City Council, not later than the 13th day of May of each year, the proposed interest rate to be charged for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of more than $450,000, or more than $450,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments; and Whereas, The Banking Commission is required to propose a rate at least six percentage points per annum greater than the prevailing interest rate charged for commercial loans extended to prime borrowers by commercial banks operating in the City (the “Prime Rate”); and  Whereas, The Banking Commission is required to propose a rate at least six percentage points per annum greater than the prevailing interest rate charged for commercial loans extended to prime borrowers by commercial banks operating in the City (the “Prime Rate”); and Whereas, The Banking Commission notes that as of May 12, 2022, the Prime Rate stands at four percent as published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System; and  Whereas, The Banking Commission notes that as of May 12, 2022, the Prime Rate stands at four percent as published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System; and Whereas, It is in the best interest of the City to encourage the prompt payment of taxes on real estate by all taxpayers; and Whereas, It is in the best interest of the City to encourage the prompt payment of taxes on real estate by all taxpayers; and Whereas, The Banking Commission forwarded its recommendation to the Council, by letter dated May 13, 2022, that the interest rate to be charged for the non-payment of taxes on properties where the assessed value of more than $450,000, or more than $450,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments, be 18 percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023; now, therefore, be it Whereas, The Banking Commission forwarded its recommendation to the Council, by letter dated May 13, 2022, that the interest rate to be charged for the non-payment of taxes on properties where the assessed value of more than $450,000, or more than $450,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments, be 18 percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023; now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Council of the City of New York establishes that the interest rate be 14 percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023 for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of more than $450,000, or more than $450,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments.  Resolved, That the Council of the City of New York establishes that the interest rate be 14 percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023 for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of more than $450,000, or more than $450,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments.   MMB MMB LS #9463 LS #9463 5/24/22; 9:41 a.m. 5/24/22; 9:41 a.m.   Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text)

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/LegislationDetail.aspx?ID=3835708&GUID=3F7F8FA8-747D-4973-A73A-EB0A979CC074&Options=Advanced&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Reports File #: Int 1340-2019 Version: * A Name: Grievance process for incarcerated individuals. Type: Introduction Status: Enacted Committee: Committee on Criminal Justice On agenda: 1/24/2019 Enactment date: 7/14/2019 Law number: 2019/134 Title: A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to the grievance process for incarcerated individuals Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Keith Powers , Carlina Rivera , Donovan J. Richards , Helen K. Rosenthal , Daniel Dromm , Ben Kallos , Laurie A. Cumbo , Stephen T. Levin Council Member Sponsors: 9 Summary: The law would require DOC to make the grievance process more efficient and accessible to incarcerated individuals. Attachments: 1. Summary of Int. No. 1340 , 2. Int. No. 1340 , 3. January 24, 2019 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 4. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  1-24-19 , 5. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - January 24, 2019 , 6. Committee Report 1/29/19 , 7. Hearing Testimony 1/29/19 , 8. Hearing Transcript 1/29/19 , 9. Minutes of the Recessed Meeting of May 29, 2019 Held on June 13, 2019 , 10. Hearing Transcript 6/13/19 , 11. Committee Report 6/13/19 , 12. June 13, 2019 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 13. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 6-13-19 , 14. Proposed Int. No. 1340-A - 6/17/19 , 15. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 13, 2019 , 16. Minutes of the Recessed Meeting of June 13, 2019 Held on June 18, 2019 , 17. Minutes of the Recessed Meeting of June 13, 2019 Held on June 19, 2019 , 18. Int. No. 1340-A (FINAL) , 19. Fiscal Impact Statement , 20. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor , 21. Local Law 134 History (12) Text 12 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 7/18/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Returned Unsigned by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 7/14/2019 A Diana I. Ayala Administration City Charter Rule Adopted Action details Meeting details Not available 6/13/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/13/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 6/13/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 6/13/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 6/13/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Amended by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 6/13/2019 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 1/29/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 1/29/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 1/24/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 1/24/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available Int. No. 1340-A By Council Members Ayala, Powers, Rivera, Richards, Rosenthal, Dromm, Kallos, Cumbo and Levin A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to the grievance process for incarcerated individuals Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Section 1. Section 9-136 of the administrative code of the city of New York, as added by local law number 87 for the year 2015, is amended to read as follows: § 9-136 Grievance [statistics] process a. Definitions . For the purposes of this section, the following terms have the following meanings: Appeal. The term “appeal” means the action taken when an incarcerated individual’s grievance is escalated to a higher level within the grievance process to review decisions regarding resolutions of grievances by incarcerated individuals. [Grievance. The term "grievance" means a written complaint submitted by an inmate in the custody of the department about an issue, condition, practice or action relating to the inmate's confinement that is subject to the inmate grievance and request program or any successor program.] Grievable complaint. The term “grievable complaint” means a complaint handled by the office of constituent and grievance services. The term includes but is not limited to a complaint regarding classification, clothing, commissary, correspondence, employment, environmental, food, inmate account, housing, length of sentence, laundry, law library, medical, mental health, personal hygiene, phone, programs, property, recreation, religion, rules and regulations, school, search, social service, transportation, and visits. Non-grievable complaint. The term “non-grievable complaint” means any complaint which is not handled by the office of constituent and grievance services, including but not limited to a complaint regarding an allegation of assault, sexual assault/abuse, and verbal misconduct from a staff member; an allegation of assault, sexual assault/abuse, and non-sexual harassment from another incarcerated individual; individual security status; medical and mental health staff; request for accommodation due to a disability or claim of discrimination based on disability or perceived disability; request for protective custody; freedom of information laws, housing, and the grievance process. Office of constituent and grievance services. The "office of constituent and grievance services" means the unit within the department that facilitates a formal process established by the department that provides incarcerated individuals with the opportunity to resolve grievable complaints regarding their confinement. b. Forty-five days after the quarter beginning January 1, 2016, and no later than the forty-fifth day after the end of each subsequent quarter, the commissioner shall post on the department website a report containing the following information for the preceding quarter, in addition to all information in paragraphs 1 through 5 of section d in the aggregate 1. The number of [grievances] grievable and non-grievable complaints submitted in all departmental facilities, in total and disaggregated by the facility and housing area type in which such grievance was submitted. 2. The number of [grievances] grievable and non-grievable complaints submitted in all departmental facilities, disaggregated by grievance category, by the facility and housing area type in which such grievance was submitted, and by the method by which such grievance was submitted. 3. The number of [grievances,] grievable complaints, the stages of the grievance process, the stage in the grievance process at which they were resolved, and the categories for which any grievances were dismissed. 4. For non-grievable complaints, where such complaints were referred; 5. The number of [inmates] incarcerated individuals that submitted grievances. d. The department shall utilize an electronic tracking system to record all grievable and non-grievable complaints handled by the office of constituent and grievance services and shall provide the board of correction access to such system. Such system shall track the following: 1. Whether a complaint is subject to the process established by the office of constituent and grievance services, and if not, if and where the incarcerated individual was directed; 2. Whether the incarcerated individual pursued an appeal; 3. How and when the complaint was resolved, and at what stage the complaint was resolved; 4. Whether the complaint was made by the affected incarcerated person, an attorney or other advocate, a public official, or another third party; 5.  The housing facility and housing area type where the complaint was made; f. The department shall ensure equal access to the office of constituent and grievance services, including the following procedures: 1. Evaluating the need for grievance boxes and strategically placing a number of boxes in locations where individuals in department custody frequently congregate, and at least one box in each facility. 2. Placing a number of dedicated personnel in each housing unit to conduct outreach. 3.  Developing caseload guidelines for grievance coordinators and officers. g. The department shall install grievance kiosks in each facility where incarcerated individuals may file grievances electronically by January 2026. Such kiosks shall be accessible in multiple languages and shall provide incarcerated individuals physical receipts confirming filing. If a request made through the kiosk is not subject to the inmate grievance and review process, the kiosks shall provide incarcerated individuals with information regarding where the grievance should be redirected. h. Incarcerated individuals unable to read, access, or understand the grievance process shall be provided with assistance necessary to meaningfully engage in such process. § 3. This local law takes effect 6 months after it becomes law. AS/JK/MKW LS #7232/7320/7322/7323 5/21/19 Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text) Details Details Details Details Reports Reports Reports Reports File #: File #: Int 1340-2019 Version: * A Int 1340-2019 Version: Name: Name: Grievance process for incarcerated individuals. Grievance process for incarcerated individuals. Type: Type: Introduction Introduction Status: Status: Enacted Enacted   Committee: Committee: Committee on Criminal Justice On agenda: On agenda: 1/24/2019 1/24/2019   Enactment date: Enactment date: 7/14/2019 7/14/2019 Law number: Law number: 2019/134 2019/134 Title: Title: A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to the grievance process for incarcerated individuals A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to the grievance process for incarcerated individuals Sponsors: Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Keith Powers , Carlina Rivera , Donovan J. Richards , Helen K. Rosenthal , Daniel Dromm , Ben Kallos , Laurie A. Cumbo , Stephen T. Levin Diana I. Ayala , Keith Powers , Carlina Rivera , Donovan J. Richards , Helen K. Rosenthal , Daniel Dromm , Ben Kallos , Laurie A. Cumbo , Stephen T. Levin Council Member Sponsors: Council Member Sponsors: 9 9 Summary: Summary: The law would require DOC to make the grievance process more efficient and accessible to incarcerated individuals. The law would require DOC to make the grievance process more efficient and accessible to incarcerated individuals. Attachments: Attachments: 1. Summary of Int. No. 1340 , 2. Int. No. 1340 , 3. January 24, 2019 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 4. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  1-24-19 , 5. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - January 24, 2019 , 6. Committee Report 1/29/19 , 7. Hearing Testimony 1/29/19 , 8. Hearing Transcript 1/29/19 , 9. Minutes of the Recessed Meeting of May 29, 2019 Held on June 13, 2019 , 10. Hearing Transcript 6/13/19 , 11. Committee Report 6/13/19 , 12. June 13, 2019 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 13. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 6-13-19 , 14. Proposed Int. No. 1340-A - 6/17/19 , 15. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 13, 2019 , 16. Minutes of the Recessed Meeting of June 13, 2019 Held on June 18, 2019 , 17. Minutes of the Recessed Meeting of June 13, 2019 Held on June 19, 2019 , 18. Int. No. 1340-A (FINAL) , 19. Fiscal Impact Statement , 20. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor , 21. Local Law 134 1. Summary of Int. No. 1340 , 2. Int. No. 1340 , 3. January 24, 2019 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 4. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  1-24-19 , 5. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - January 24, 2019 , 6. Committee Report 1/29/19 , 7. Hearing Testimony 1/29/19 , 8. Hearing Transcript 1/29/19 , 9. Minutes of the Recessed Meeting of May 29, 2019 Held on June 13, 2019 , 10. Hearing Transcript 6/13/19 , 11. Committee Report 6/13/19 , 12. June 13, 2019 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 13. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 6-13-19 , 14. Proposed Int. No. 1340-A - 6/17/19 , 15. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 13, 2019 , 16. Minutes of the Recessed Meeting of June 13, 2019 Held on June 18, 2019 , 17. Minutes of the Recessed Meeting of June 13, 2019 Held on June 19, 2019 , 18. Int. No. 1340-A (FINAL) , 19. Fiscal Impact Statement , 20. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor , 21. Local Law 134 History (12) History (12) History (12) History (12) Text Text Text Text 12 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 12 records 12 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Date Group by Action By Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 7/18/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Returned Unsigned by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 7/14/2019 A Diana I. Ayala Administration City Charter Rule Adopted Action details Meeting details Not available 6/13/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/13/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 6/13/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 6/13/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 6/13/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Amended by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 6/13/2019 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 1/29/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 1/29/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 1/24/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 1/24/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 7/18/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Returned Unsigned by Mayor  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 7/14/2019 A Diana I. Ayala Administration City Charter Rule Adopted  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/13/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/13/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/13/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/13/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/13/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Amended by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/13/2019 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 1/29/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 1/29/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Laid Over by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 1/24/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 1/24/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available Int. No. 1340-A Int. No. 1340-A   By Council Members Ayala, Powers, Rivera, Richards, Rosenthal, Dromm, Kallos, Cumbo and Levin By Council Members Ayala, Powers, Rivera, Richards, Rosenthal, Dromm, Kallos, Cumbo and Levin   A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to the grievance process for incarcerated individuals A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to the grievance process for incarcerated individuals   Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Be it enacted by the Council as follows:   Section 1. Section 9-136 of the administrative code of the city of New York, as added by local law number 87 for the year 2015, is amended to read as follows: Section 1. Section 9-136 of the administrative code of the city of New York, as added by local law number 87 for the year 2015, is amended to read as follows: § 9-136 Grievance [statistics] process § 9-136 Grievance [statistics] process a. Definitions . For the purposes of this section, the following terms have the following meanings: a. Definitions . For the purposes of this section, the following terms have the following meanings: Appeal. The term “appeal” means the action taken when an incarcerated individual’s grievance is escalated to a higher level within the grievance process to review decisions regarding resolutions of grievances by incarcerated individuals. Appeal. The term “appeal” means the action taken when an incarcerated individual’s grievance is escalated to a higher level within the grievance process to review decisions regarding resolutions of grievances by incarcerated individuals. [Grievance. The term "grievance" means a written complaint submitted by an inmate in the custody of the department about an issue, condition, practice or action relating to the inmate's confinement that is subject to the inmate grievance and request program or any successor program.] [Grievance.  The term "grievance" means a written complaint submitted by an inmate in the custody of the department about an issue, condition, practice or action relating to the inmate's confinement that is subject to the inmate grievance and request program or any successor program.] Grievable complaint. The term “grievable complaint” means a complaint handled by the office of constituent and grievance services. The term includes but is not limited to a complaint regarding classification, clothing, commissary, correspondence, employment, environmental, food, inmate account, housing, length of sentence, laundry, law library, medical, mental health, personal hygiene, phone, programs, property, recreation, religion, rules and regulations, school, search, social service, transportation, and visits. Grievable complaint. The term “grievable complaint” means a complaint handled by the office of constituent and grievance services. The term includes but is not limited to a complaint regarding classification, clothing, commissary, correspondence, employment, environmental, food, inmate account, housing, length of sentence, laundry, law library, medical, mental health, personal hygiene, phone, programs, property, recreation, religion, rules and regulations, school, search, social service, transportation, and visits. Non-grievable complaint. The term “non-grievable complaint” means any complaint which is not handled by the office of constituent and grievance services, including but not limited to a complaint regarding an allegation of assault, sexual assault/abuse, and verbal misconduct from a staff member; an allegation of assault, sexual assault/abuse, and non-sexual harassment from another incarcerated individual; individual security status; medical and mental health staff; request for accommodation due to a disability or claim of discrimination based on disability or perceived disability; request for protective custody; freedom of information laws, housing, and the grievance process. Non-grievable complaint. The term “non-grievable complaint” means any complaint which is not handled by the office of constituent and grievance services, including but not limited to a complaint regarding an allegation of assault, sexual assault/abuse, and verbal misconduct from a staff member; an allegation of assault, sexual assault/abuse, and non-sexual harassment from another incarcerated individual; individual security status; medical and mental health staff; request for accommodation due to a disability or claim of discrimination based on disability or perceived disability; request for protective custody; freedom of information laws, housing, and the grievance process. Office of constituent and grievance services. The "office of constituent and grievance services" means the unit within the department that facilitates a formal process established by the department that provides incarcerated individuals with the opportunity to resolve grievable complaints regarding their confinement. Office of constituent and grievance services.  The "office of constituent and grievance services" means the unit within the department that facilitates a formal process established by the department that provides incarcerated individuals with the opportunity to resolve grievable complaints regarding their confinement.  b. Forty-five days after the quarter beginning January 1, 2016, and no later than the forty-fifth day after the end of each subsequent quarter, the commissioner shall post on the department website a report containing the following information for the preceding quarter, in addition to all information in paragraphs 1 through 5 of section d in the aggregate b. Forty-five days after the quarter beginning January 1, 2016, and no later than the forty-fifth day after the end of each subsequent quarter, the commissioner shall post on the department website a report containing the following information for the preceding quarter, in addition to all information in paragraphs 1 through 5 of section d in the aggregate 1. The number of [grievances] grievable and non-grievable complaints submitted in all departmental facilities, in total and disaggregated by the facility and housing area type in which such grievance was submitted. 1. The number of [grievances] grievable and non-grievable complaints submitted in all departmental facilities, in total and disaggregated by the facility and housing area type in which such grievance was submitted. 2. The number of [grievances] grievable and non-grievable complaints submitted in all departmental facilities, disaggregated by grievance category, by the facility and housing area type in which such grievance was submitted, and by the method by which such grievance was submitted. 2. The number of [grievances] grievable and non-grievable complaints submitted in all departmental facilities, disaggregated by grievance category, by the facility and housing area type in which such grievance was submitted, and by the method by which such grievance was submitted. 3. The number of [grievances,] grievable complaints, the stages of the grievance process, the stage in the grievance process at which they were resolved, and the categories for which any grievances were dismissed. 3. The number of [grievances,] grievable complaints, the stages of the grievance process, the stage in the grievance process at which they were resolved, and the categories for which any grievances were dismissed. 4. For non-grievable complaints, where such complaints were referred; 4. For non-grievable complaints, where such complaints were referred; 5. The number of [inmates] incarcerated individuals that submitted grievances. 5. The number of [inmates] incarcerated individuals that submitted grievances. d. The department shall utilize an electronic tracking system to record all grievable and non-grievable complaints handled by the office of constituent and grievance services and shall provide the board of correction access to such system. Such system shall track the following: d. The department shall utilize an electronic tracking system to record all grievable and non-grievable complaints handled by the office of constituent and grievance services and shall provide the board of correction access to such system. Such system shall track the following: 1. Whether a complaint is subject to the process established by the office of constituent and grievance services, and if not, if and where the incarcerated individual was directed; 1. Whether a complaint is subject to the process established by the office of constituent and grievance services, and if not, if and where the incarcerated individual was directed; 2. Whether the incarcerated individual pursued an appeal; 2. Whether the incarcerated individual pursued an appeal; 3. How and when the complaint was resolved, and at what stage the complaint was resolved; 3. How and when the complaint was resolved, and at what stage the complaint was resolved; 4. Whether the complaint was made by the affected incarcerated person, an attorney or other advocate, a public official, or another third party; 4. Whether the complaint was made by the affected incarcerated person, an attorney or other advocate, a public official, or another third party; 5.  The housing facility and housing area type where the complaint was made; 5.  The housing facility and housing area type where the complaint was made; f. The department shall ensure equal access to the office of constituent and grievance services, including the following procedures: f. The department shall ensure equal access to the office of constituent and grievance services, including the following procedures: 1. Evaluating the need for grievance boxes and strategically placing a number of boxes in locations where individuals in department custody frequently congregate, and at least one box in each facility. 1. Evaluating the need for grievance boxes and strategically placing a number of boxes in locations where individuals in department custody frequently congregate, and at least one box in each facility. 2. Placing a number of dedicated personnel in each housing unit to conduct outreach. 2. Placing a number of dedicated personnel in each housing unit to conduct outreach. 3.  Developing caseload guidelines for grievance coordinators and officers. 3.  Developing caseload guidelines for grievance coordinators and officers. g. The department shall install grievance kiosks in each facility where incarcerated individuals may file grievances electronically by January 2026. Such kiosks shall be accessible in multiple languages and shall provide incarcerated individuals physical receipts confirming filing. If a request made through the kiosk is not subject to the inmate grievance and review process, the kiosks shall provide incarcerated individuals with information regarding where the grievance should be redirected. g. The department shall install grievance kiosks in each facility where incarcerated individuals may file grievances electronically by January 2026. Such kiosks shall be accessible in multiple languages and shall provide incarcerated individuals physical receipts confirming filing. If a request made through the kiosk is not subject to the inmate grievance and review process, the kiosks shall provide incarcerated individuals with information regarding where the grievance should be redirected. h. Incarcerated individuals unable to read, access, or understand the grievance process shall be provided with assistance necessary to meaningfully engage in such process. h. Incarcerated individuals unable to read, access, or understand the grievance process shall be provided with assistance necessary to meaningfully engage in such process. § 3. This local law takes effect 6 months after it becomes law. § 3. This local law takes effect 6 months after it becomes law.                 AS/JK/MKW AS/JK/MKW LS #7232/7320/7322/7323 LS #7232/7320/7322/7323 5/21/19 5/21/19   Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text)

--- 3rd Level Page: https://council.nyc.gov/diana-ayala/fy25-discretionary-funding-expense-and-capital-applications-are-now-open/ ---
New York City Council Search for:   Find My District Budget Committees Land Use Legislation Press Releases Translate this page Google Translate District 8 Diana Ayala Mott Haven-Port Morris, Melrose, Concourse-Concourse Village, Upper East Side-Carnegie Hill, Upper East Side-Yorkville, East Harlem (South), East Harlem (North), Randall's Island FY’26 Discretionary Funding Expense and Capital Applications Are Now Open Please be advised that all not-for-profit community-based organizations that wish to apply for discretionary funding for FY2026 must submit a Council Application. The FY2026 application will be posted on the Council’s website on Monday, January 6th, 2025 and the submission deadline will be on Wednesday, February 19th, 2025 . For the Council’s website click the link below: https://council.nyc.gov/budget/ Also, please note that if an application is not submitted within the filing period, the community-based organization will not be eligible for funding. For any issues or questions regarding the FY 2026 application, please contact Sherrera@council.nyc.gov Please be advised that our office will not be requiring a supplemental form for this budget cycle. CapGrants portal is now open for the submission of non-city capital applications. Click here for CapGrants Portal Please note Not-for-profit applicant users who created CapGrants accounts in the last two years can sign in using their same accounts. If they’ve forgotten their passwords, they are able to reset them on the sign in page. Anyone who did not create an account during the FY24 or FY25 process will need to do so this year. Accounts from the old site have not been carried over. Applicants are instructed to contact their Elected Officials’ offices if they experience technical difficulties with the CapGrants site. Applicants MUST complete and submit their applications as early as possible! Every year, many groups wait until the last minute and experience technical problems that prevent them from submitting before the deadline Non-City Capital deadlines: Projects submitted to the Council-only: Applications must be submitted by March 20, 2025, 5:00 p.m. Project submitted jointly to the Borough President and Council: Applications must be submitted by February 20, 2025, 5:00 p.m. Application Instructions for DOE Buildings or DOE-Leased Buildings: Complete all sections of the form. Email the project estimate confirmation from the School Construction Authority (SCA) to sherrera@council.nyc.gov . SCA Contacts: Masis Sarkissian ( msarkissian@nycsca.org ) Bryan McGinn ( BMCGINN@nycsca.org ) Ensure the project total is a minimum of $50,000 . Applications that do not meet the instructions above will not be revised or considered for FY25 RESO A funding. Click here for DOE RESO A Form Application Instructions for Charter Schools: Non-City organizations applying for Fiscal Year 2026 capital funding may now download and submit applications through the CapGrants portal . All groups should submit their completed applications via this portal. Groups designated as All Other, Charter School, or Housing organizations may view and download their applications on the CapGrants page. If your group represents a non-DOE school or community-based organization, please use the relevant form. Click here for CapGrants Portal Application Deadlines: Thursday, February 20, 2025, by 5:00 pm : Applicable if your project requests funding from Borough Presidents. Friday, March 28, 2025, by 5:00 pm : Applicable if your project is solely requesting funding from the Council. FY’26 Discretionary Funding Expense and Capital Applications Are Now Open Please be advised that all not-for-profit community-based organizations that wish to apply for discretionary funding for FY2026 must submit a Council Application. The FY2026 application will be posted on the Council’s website on Monday, January 6th, 2025 and the submission deadline will be on Wednesday, February 19th, 2025 . For the Council’s website click the link below: https://council.nyc.gov/budget/ Also, please note that if an application is not submitted within the filing period, the community-based organization will not be eligible for funding. For any issues or questions regarding the FY 2026 application, please contact Sherrera@council.nyc.gov Please be advised that our office will not be requiring a supplemental form for this budget cycle. CapGrants portal is now open for the submission of non-city capital applications. Click here for CapGrants Portal Please note Not-for-profit applicant users who created CapGrants accounts in the last two years can sign in using their same accounts. If they’ve forgotten their passwords, they are able to reset them on the sign in page. Anyone who did not create an account during the FY24 or FY25 process will need to do so this year. Accounts from the old site have not been carried over. Applicants are instructed to contact their Elected Officials’ offices if they experience technical difficulties with the CapGrants site. Applicants MUST complete and submit their applications as early as possible! Every year, many groups wait until the last minute and experience technical problems that prevent them from submitting before the deadline Non-City Capital deadlines: Projects submitted to the Council-only: Applications must be submitted by March 20, 2025, 5:00 p.m. Project submitted jointly to the Borough President and Council: Applications must be submitted by February 20, 2025, 5:00 p.m. Application Instructions for DOE Buildings or DOE-Leased Buildings: Complete all sections of the form. Email the project estimate confirmation from the School Construction Authority (SCA) to sherrera@council.nyc.gov . SCA Contacts: Masis Sarkissian ( msarkissian@nycsca.org ) Bryan McGinn ( BMCGINN@nycsca.org ) Masis Sarkissian ( msarkissian@nycsca.org ) Bryan McGinn ( BMCGINN@nycsca.org ) Ensure the project total is a minimum of $50,000 . Applications that do not meet the instructions above will not be revised or considered for FY25 RESO A funding. Click here for DOE RESO A Form Application Instructions for Charter Schools: Non-City organizations applying for Fiscal Year 2026 capital funding may now download and submit applications through the CapGrants portal . All groups should submit their completed applications via this portal. Groups designated as All Other, Charter School, or Housing organizations may view and download their applications on the CapGrants page. If your group represents a non-DOE school or community-based organization, please use the relevant form. Click here for CapGrants Portal Application Deadlines: Thursday, February 20, 2025, by 5:00 pm : Applicable if your project requests funding from Borough Presidents. Friday, March 28, 2025, by 5:00 pm : Applicable if your project is solely requesting funding from the Council. Biography Legislative Accomplishments East 125th Street Development Taskforce Staff Directory Resources Newsletter Join our mailing list! FY’25 Discretionary Funding Expense and Capital Application Information District Office East Harlem Office: 105 East 116th Street New York, NY 10029 Phone: 212-828-9800 Fax: 212-722-6378 Bronx Office: 214 St. Ann's Avenue Bronx, New York 10454 Phone: 347-297-4922 Fax: 347-270-1213 Legislative Office 250 Broadway, Suite 1764 New York, NY 10007 Phone: 212-788-6960 Fax: 212-227-1215 Visit the Council We're located at New York City Hall. Council Members each have an office at 250 Broadway , as well as offices in each of their districts. We want to hear from you You can reach us via social media, email, paper mail, or at your district office. For issues specific to a neighborhood, it's best to contact the Council Member representing that community. Have questions, comments or feedback? Email us here.        About Events What we do Caucuses Visit the Council District Info Job Opportunities Collective Bargaining Agreement Subscribe for Updates Our Privacy Policy Legislation Our Legislative Process Register to Testify Hearing Calendar and Video Archive Search legislation Legislative API Data Press & News Submit a “Freedom of Information Law” (FOIL) Request Press Releases Photos Past Featured Content Videos Media Inquiries For media inquiries, please contact press@council.nyc.gov Accessibility Read our Accessibility Statement  General Inquiries Error: Contact form not found. ×

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/LegislationDetail.aspx?ID=3921537&GUID=90825BC6-31D3-4D0F-A675-22E99257F5A7&Options=Advanced&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Reports File #: Int 1513-2019 Version: * A Name: Mental health treatment for transgender, gender nonconforming, non-binary, and intersex individuals. Type: Introduction Status: Enacted Committee: Committee on Criminal Justice On agenda: 4/18/2019 Enactment date: 7/27/2019 Law number: 2019/142 Title: A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to mental health treatment for transgender, gender nonconforming, non-binary, and intersex individuals Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Ben Kallos , Helen K. Rosenthal , Margaret S. Chin , Carlina Rivera Council Member Sponsors: 5 Summary: This bill would require all department facilities housing transgender, gender non-conforming, non-binary, and intersex individuals to have access to comprehensive mental health treatment, and require relevant staff to have specialized training on working with these populations. Attachments: 1. Summary of Int. No. 1513-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 1513 , 3. Int. No. 1513 , 4. April 18, 2019 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 4-18-19 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - April 18, 2019 , 7. Committee Report 5/1/19 , 8. Hearing Testimony 5/1/19 , 9. Hearing Transcript 5/1/19 , 10. Proposed Int. No. 1513-A - 6/27/19 , 11. Committee Report 6/26/19 , 12. Hearing Transcript 6/26/19 , 13. June 26, 2019 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 14. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 6-26-19 , 15. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 26, 2019 , 16. Int. No. 1513-A (FINAL) , 17. Fiscal Impact Statement , 18. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor , 19. Local Law 142 History (12) Text 12 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 7/30/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Returned Unsigned by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 7/27/2019 A Diana I. Ayala Administration City Charter Rule Adopted Action details Meeting details Not available 6/26/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/26/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 6/26/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 6/26/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 6/26/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Amended by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 6/26/2019 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 5/1/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 5/1/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 4/18/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 4/18/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available Int. No. 1513-A By Council Members Ayala, Kallos, Rosenthal, Chin and Rivera A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to mental health treatment for transgender, gender nonconforming, non-binary, and intersex individuals Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Section 1. Chapter 1 of title 9 of the administrative code of the city of New York is amended by adding a new section 9-158 to read as follows: § 9-158 Mental health treatment for transgender, gender nonconforming, non-binary, and intersex individuals The department shall ensure that any housing unit where transgender, gender nonconforming, non-binary, and intersex individuals are housed has access to the same mental health treatment as units housing other incarcerated individuals. § 2. Subdivision a of section 9-145 of the administrative code of the city of New York is amended by adding a new definition of “correctional health services” in alphabetical order to read as follows: Correctional health services. The term “correctional health services” means the entity responsible for the delivery of health and mental health services to incarcerated individuals in the custody of the department. § 3. Section 9-145 of the administrative code of the city of New York, as added by local law number 123 for the year 2016, is amended by adding a new subdivision e to read as follows: e. Transgender care . Correctional health services shall ensure that all medical and substance abuse professionals working with transgender individuals receive specialized training on transgender and gender-affirming care conducted by an individual or organization with expertise in the subject. § 4. This local law takes effect 90 days after it becomes law. AS LS 10,261 6/18/2019, 5:22 PM Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text) Details Details Details Details Reports Reports Reports Reports File #: File #: Int 1513-2019 Version: * A Int 1513-2019 Version: Name: Name: Mental health treatment for transgender, gender nonconforming, non-binary, and intersex individuals. Mental health treatment for transgender, gender nonconforming, non-binary, and intersex individuals. Type: Type: Introduction Introduction Status: Status: Enacted Enacted   Committee: Committee: Committee on Criminal Justice On agenda: On agenda: 4/18/2019 4/18/2019   Enactment date: Enactment date: 7/27/2019 7/27/2019 Law number: Law number: 2019/142 2019/142 Title: Title: A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to mental health treatment for transgender, gender nonconforming, non-binary, and intersex individuals A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to mental health treatment for transgender, gender nonconforming, non-binary, and intersex individuals Sponsors: Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Ben Kallos , Helen K. Rosenthal , Margaret S. Chin , Carlina Rivera Diana I. Ayala , Ben Kallos , Helen K. Rosenthal , Margaret S. Chin , Carlina Rivera Council Member Sponsors: Council Member Sponsors: 5 5 Summary: Summary: This bill would require all department facilities housing transgender, gender non-conforming, non-binary, and intersex individuals to have access to comprehensive mental health treatment, and require relevant staff to have specialized training on working with these populations. This bill would require all department facilities housing transgender, gender non-conforming, non-binary, and intersex individuals to have access to comprehensive mental health treatment, and require relevant staff to have specialized training on working with these populations. Attachments: Attachments: 1. Summary of Int. No. 1513-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 1513 , 3. Int. No. 1513 , 4. April 18, 2019 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 4-18-19 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - April 18, 2019 , 7. Committee Report 5/1/19 , 8. Hearing Testimony 5/1/19 , 9. Hearing Transcript 5/1/19 , 10. Proposed Int. No. 1513-A - 6/27/19 , 11. Committee Report 6/26/19 , 12. Hearing Transcript 6/26/19 , 13. June 26, 2019 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 14. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 6-26-19 , 15. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 26, 2019 , 16. Int. No. 1513-A (FINAL) , 17. Fiscal Impact Statement , 18. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor , 19. Local Law 142 1. Summary of Int. No. 1513-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 1513 , 3. Int. No. 1513 , 4. April 18, 2019 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 4-18-19 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - April 18, 2019 , 7. Committee Report 5/1/19 , 8. Hearing Testimony 5/1/19 , 9. Hearing Transcript 5/1/19 , 10. Proposed Int. No. 1513-A - 6/27/19 , 11. Committee Report 6/26/19 , 12. Hearing Transcript 6/26/19 , 13. June 26, 2019 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 14. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 6-26-19 , 15. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 26, 2019 , 16. Int. No. 1513-A (FINAL) , 17. Fiscal Impact Statement , 18. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor , 19. Local Law 142 History (12) History (12) History (12) History (12) Text Text Text Text 12 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 12 records 12 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Date Group by Action By Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 7/30/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Returned Unsigned by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 7/27/2019 A Diana I. Ayala Administration City Charter Rule Adopted Action details Meeting details Not available 6/26/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/26/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 6/26/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 6/26/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 6/26/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Amended by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 6/26/2019 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 5/1/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 5/1/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 4/18/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 4/18/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 7/30/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Returned Unsigned by Mayor  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 7/27/2019 A Diana I. Ayala Administration City Charter Rule Adopted  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/26/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/26/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/26/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/26/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/26/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Amended by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/26/2019 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 5/1/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 5/1/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Laid Over by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 4/18/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 4/18/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available Int. No. 1513-A Int. No. 1513-A   By Council Members Ayala, Kallos, Rosenthal, Chin and Rivera By Council Members Ayala, Kallos, Rosenthal, Chin and Rivera   A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to mental health treatment for transgender, gender nonconforming, non-binary, and intersex individuals A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to mental health treatment for transgender, gender nonconforming, non-binary, and intersex individuals   Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Section 1. Chapter 1 of title 9 of the administrative code of the city of New York is amended by adding a new section 9-158 to read as follows: Section 1. Chapter 1 of title 9 of the administrative code of the city of New York is amended by adding a new section 9-158 to read as follows: § 9-158 Mental health treatment for transgender, gender nonconforming, non-binary, and intersex individuals The department shall ensure that any housing unit where transgender, gender nonconforming, non-binary, and intersex individuals are housed has access to the same mental health treatment as units housing other incarcerated individuals. § 9-158 Mental health treatment for transgender, gender nonconforming, non-binary, and intersex individuals The department shall ensure that any housing unit where transgender, gender nonconforming, non-binary, and intersex individuals are housed has access to the same mental health treatment as units housing other incarcerated individuals. § 2. Subdivision a of section 9-145 of the administrative code of the city of New York is amended by adding a new definition of “correctional health services” in alphabetical order to read as follows: § 2. Subdivision a of section 9-145 of the administrative code of the city of New York is amended by adding a new definition of “correctional health services” in alphabetical order to read as follows: Correctional health services. The term “correctional health services” means the entity responsible for the delivery of health and mental health services to incarcerated individuals in the custody of the department. Correctional health services. The term “correctional health services” means the entity responsible for the delivery of health and mental health services to incarcerated individuals in the custody of the department. § 3. Section 9-145 of the administrative code of the city of New York, as added by local law number 123 for the year 2016, is amended by adding a new subdivision e to read as follows: § 3. Section 9-145 of the administrative code of the city of New York, as added by local law number 123 for the year 2016, is amended by adding a new subdivision e to read as follows: e. Transgender care . Correctional health services shall ensure that all medical and substance abuse professionals working with transgender individuals receive specialized training on transgender and gender-affirming care conducted by an individual or organization with expertise in the subject. e. Transgender care . Correctional health services shall ensure that all medical and substance abuse professionals working with transgender individuals receive specialized training on transgender and gender-affirming care conducted by an individual or organization with expertise in the subject.  § 4. This local law takes effect 90 days after it becomes law. § 4. This local law takes effect 90 days after it becomes law.     AS AS LS 10,261 LS 10,261 6/18/2019, 5:22 PM 6/18/2019, 5:22 PM Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text)

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/LegislationDetail.aspx?ID=3713567&GUID=14E423DE-C065-4ADF-8BD8-AD0C488429E4&Options=Advanced&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Reports File #: Int 1179-2018 Version: * Name: Disapproval of a determination by the HPD to approve the transfer of the property located at 424 East 115 Street, Manhattan. Type: Introduction Status: Enacted Committee: Committee on Housing and Buildings On agenda: 10/31/2018 Enactment date: 12/1/2018 Law number: 2018/198 Title: A Local Law in relation to the disapproval of a determination by the department of housing preservation and development to approve the transfer of the property located at 424 East 115 Street, also known as Block 1708, Lot 38, in the borough of Manhattan Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala Council Member Sponsors: 1 Summary: This bill would disprove the transfer of the property located at 424 East 115 Street, also known as Block 1708, Lot 38, in the borough of Manhattan to a third party through the Department of Housing Preservation and Development’s Third Party Transfer program. Attachments: 1. Summary of Int. No. 1179 , 2. Int. No. 1179 , 3. October 31, 2018 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 4. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 10-31-2018 , 5. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - October 31, 2018 , 6. Committee Report , 7. Hearing Testimony , 8. Hearing Transcript , 9. Committee Report - Stated Meeting , 10. Int. No. 1179 (FINAL) , 11. Fiscal Impact Statement , 12. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor , 13. Local Law 198 History (8) Text 8 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 12/3/2018 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Returned Unsigned by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 12/1/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Administration City Charter Rule Adopted Action details Meeting details Not available 10/31/2018 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 10/31/2018 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 10/31/2018 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 10/31/2018 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 10/31/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 10/31/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings P-C Item Approved by Comm Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Preconsidered Int. No. 1179 By Council Member Ayala A Local Law in relation to the disapproval of a determination by the department of housing preservation and development to approve the transfer of the property located at 424 East 115 Street, also known as Block 1708, Lot 38, in the borough of Manhattan Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Section 1. In accordance with the provisions of section 11-412.2 of the administrative code of the city of New York, the determination by the department of housing preservation and development to authorize the transfer by the department of finance of the property located at 424 East 115 Street, also known as Block 1708, Lot 38, in the borough of Manhattan, to transferees selected by the department of housing preservation and development, is hereby disapproved. § 2. In the event that the mayor disapproves this local law, the determination of the department of housing preservation and development to authorize the transfer of the property as set forth in section one of this local law shall not be deemed approved until the council shall have failed to repass such local law in accordance with section thirty-seven of the of the charter or the period within which such repassing may occur has elapsed.  In the event that such local law is repassed in accordance with section thirty-seven of the charter, such determination of the department of housing preservation and development shall be deemed to be disapproved. § 3.  This local law takes effect immediately and shall be deemed to have been in full force and effect on the date it was first passed by the council. CCF LS 8678 10/18/18 10:58 AM Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text) Details Details Details Details Reports Reports Reports Reports File #: File #: Int 1179-2018 Version: * Int 1179-2018 Version: * Name: Name: Disapproval of a determination by the HPD to approve the transfer of the property located at 424 East 115 Street, Manhattan. Disapproval of a determination by the HPD to approve the transfer of the property located at 424 East 115 Street, Manhattan. Type: Type: Introduction Introduction Status: Status: Enacted Enacted   Committee: Committee: Committee on Housing and Buildings On agenda: On agenda: 10/31/2018 10/31/2018   Enactment date: Enactment date: 12/1/2018 12/1/2018 Law number: Law number: 2018/198 2018/198 Title: Title: A Local Law in relation to the disapproval of a determination by the department of housing preservation and development to approve the transfer of the property located at 424 East 115 Street, also known as Block 1708, Lot 38, in the borough of Manhattan A Local Law in relation to the disapproval of a determination by the department of housing preservation and development to approve the transfer of the property located at 424 East 115 Street, also known as Block 1708, Lot 38, in the borough of Manhattan Sponsors: Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala Diana I. Ayala Council Member Sponsors: Council Member Sponsors: 1 1 Summary: Summary: This bill would disprove the transfer of the property located at 424 East 115 Street, also known as Block 1708, Lot 38, in the borough of Manhattan to a third party through the Department of Housing Preservation and Development’s Third Party Transfer program. This bill would disprove the transfer of the property located at 424 East 115 Street, also known as Block 1708, Lot 38, in the borough of Manhattan to a third party through the Department of Housing Preservation and Development’s Third Party Transfer program. Attachments: Attachments: 1. Summary of Int. No. 1179 , 2. Int. No. 1179 , 3. October 31, 2018 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 4. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 10-31-2018 , 5. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - October 31, 2018 , 6. Committee Report , 7. Hearing Testimony , 8. Hearing Transcript , 9. Committee Report - Stated Meeting , 10. Int. No. 1179 (FINAL) , 11. Fiscal Impact Statement , 12. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor , 13. Local Law 198 1. Summary of Int. No. 1179 , 2. Int. No. 1179 , 3. October 31, 2018 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 4. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 10-31-2018 , 5. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - October 31, 2018 , 6. Committee Report , 7. Hearing Testimony , 8. Hearing Transcript , 9. Committee Report - Stated Meeting , 10. Int. No. 1179 (FINAL) , 11. Fiscal Impact Statement , 12. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor , 13. Local Law 198 History (8) History (8) History (8) History (8) Text Text Text Text 8 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 8 records 8 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Date Group by Action By Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 12/3/2018 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Returned Unsigned by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 12/1/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Administration City Charter Rule Adopted Action details Meeting details Not available 10/31/2018 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 10/31/2018 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 10/31/2018 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 10/31/2018 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 10/31/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 10/31/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings P-C Item Approved by Comm Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 12/3/2018 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Returned Unsigned by Mayor  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 12/1/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Administration City Charter Rule Adopted  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 10/31/2018 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 10/31/2018 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 10/31/2018 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 10/31/2018 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 10/31/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Hearing on P-C Item by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 10/31/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings P-C Item Approved by Comm Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available Preconsidered Int. No. 1179 Preconsidered Int. No. 1179   By Council Member Ayala By Council Member Ayala   A Local Law in relation to the disapproval of a determination by the department of housing preservation and development to approve the transfer of the property located at 424 East 115 Street, also known as Block 1708, Lot 38, in the borough of Manhattan A Local Law in relation to the disapproval of a determination by the department of housing preservation and development to approve the transfer of the property located at 424 East 115 Street, also known as Block 1708, Lot 38, in the borough of Manhattan   Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Be it enacted by the Council as follows:   Section 1. In accordance with the provisions of section 11-412.2 of the administrative code of the city of New York, the determination by the department of housing preservation and development to authorize the transfer by the department of finance of the property located at 424 East 115 Street, also known as Block 1708, Lot 38, in the borough of Manhattan, to transferees selected by the department of housing preservation and development, is hereby disapproved. Section 1. In accordance with the provisions of section 11-412.2 of the administrative code of the city of New York, the determination by the department of housing preservation and development to authorize the transfer by the department of finance of the property located at 424 East 115 Street, also known as Block 1708, Lot 38, in the borough of Manhattan, to transferees selected by the department of housing preservation and development, is hereby disapproved. § 2. In the event that the mayor disapproves this local law, the determination of the department of housing preservation and development to authorize the transfer of the property as set forth in section one of this local law shall not be deemed approved until the council shall have failed to repass such local law in accordance with section thirty-seven of the of the charter or the period within which such repassing may occur has elapsed.  In the event that such local law is repassed in accordance with section thirty-seven of the charter, such determination of the department of housing preservation and development shall be deemed to be disapproved. § 2. In the event that the mayor disapproves this local law, the determination of the department of housing preservation and development to authorize the transfer of the property as set forth in section one of this local law shall not be deemed approved until the council shall have failed to repass such local law in accordance with section thirty-seven of the of the charter or the period within which such repassing may occur has elapsed.  In the event that such local law is repassed in accordance with section thirty-seven of the charter, such determination of the department of housing preservation and development shall be deemed to be disapproved. § 3.  This local law takes effect immediately and shall be deemed to have been in full force and effect on the date it was first passed by the council. § 3.  This local law takes effect immediately and shall be deemed to have been in full force and effect on the date it was first passed by the council.           CCF CCF LS 8678 LS 8678 10/18/18 10:58 AM 10/18/18 10:58 AM     Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text)

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/LegislationDetail.aspx?ID=5691578&GUID=5F36CC98-0650-409A-8A0E-29F5431F6334&Options=Advanced&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Reports File #: Res 0233-2022 Version: * Name: M 73 - Resolution to provide the amounts necessary for the support of the Government of the City of New York and the counties therein and for the payment of indebtedness thereof, for the Fiscal Year beginning on July 1, 2022 and ending on June 30, 2023 b Type: Resolution Status: Adopted Committee: Committee on Finance On agenda: 6/13/2022 Enactment date: Law number: Title: Resolution to provide the amounts necessary for the support of the Government of the City of New York and the counties therein and for the payment of indebtedness thereof, for the Fiscal Year beginning on July 1, 2022 and ending on June 30, 2023 by the levy of taxes on the Real Property in the City of New York, in accordance with the provisions of the constitution of the State of New York, the Real Property Tax Law and the New York City Charter. Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala Council Member Sponsors: 1 Attachments: 1. Res. No. 233 , 2. Committee Report , 3. Hearing Transcript 6/13/22 , 4. June 13, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  6-13-22 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 13, 2022 History (3) Text 3 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved, by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance P-C Item Approved by Comm Pass Action details Meeting details Not available A COPY OF RES. NO. 233 CAN BE FOUND UNDER THE ATTACHMENT TAB Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text) Details Details Details Details Reports Reports Reports Reports File #: File #: Res 0233-2022 Version: * Res 0233-2022 Version: * Name: Name: M 73 - Resolution to provide the amounts necessary for the support of the Government of the City of New York and the counties therein and for the payment of indebtedness thereof, for the Fiscal Year beginning on July 1, 2022 and ending on June 30, 2023 b M 73 - Resolution to provide the amounts necessary for the support of the Government of the City of New York and the counties therein and for the payment of indebtedness thereof, for the Fiscal Year beginning on July 1, 2022 and ending on June 30, 2023 b Type: Type: Resolution Resolution Status: Status: Adopted Adopted   Committee: Committee: Committee on Finance On agenda: On agenda: 6/13/2022 6/13/2022   Enactment date: Enactment date:   Law number: Law number:   Title: Title: Resolution to provide the amounts necessary for the support of the Government of the City of New York and the counties therein and for the payment of indebtedness thereof, for the Fiscal Year beginning on July 1, 2022 and ending on June 30, 2023 by the levy of taxes on the Real Property in the City of New York, in accordance with the provisions of the constitution of the State of New York, the Real Property Tax Law and the New York City Charter. Resolution to provide the amounts necessary for the support of the Government of the City of New York and the counties therein and for the payment of indebtedness thereof, for the Fiscal Year beginning on July 1, 2022 and ending on June 30, 2023 by the levy of taxes on the Real Property in the City of New York, in accordance with the provisions of the constitution of the State of New York, the Real Property Tax Law and the New York City Charter. Sponsors: Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala Diana I. Ayala Council Member Sponsors: Council Member Sponsors: 1 1 Attachments: Attachments: 1. Res. No. 233 , 2. Committee Report , 3. Hearing Transcript 6/13/22 , 4. June 13, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  6-13-22 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 13, 2022 1. Res. No. 233 , 2. Committee Report , 3. Hearing Transcript 6/13/22 , 4. June 13, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  6-13-22 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 13, 2022 History (3) History (3) History (3) History (3) Text Text Text Text 3 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 3 records 3 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Date Group by Action By Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved, by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance P-C Item Approved by Comm Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved, by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Hearing on P-C Item by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance P-C Item Approved by Comm Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available A COPY OF A COPY OF RES. NO. 233 RES. NO. 233 CAN BE FOUND UNDER CAN BE FOUND UNDER THE ATTACHMENT TAB THE ATTACHMENT TAB   Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text)

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/LegislationDetail.aspx?ID=5755004&GUID=9F0CB51A-00C1-4745-BAAD-5BB51105B784&Options=Advanced&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Reports File #: Int 0609-2022 Version: * A Name: Establishing a needle, syringe, and sharps buyback pilot program. Type: Introduction Status: Enacted Committee: Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction On agenda: 8/11/2022 Enactment date: 12/23/2022 Law number: 2022/124 Title: A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to establishing a needle, syringe, and sharps buyback pilot program Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Lincoln Restler , Julie Won , Sandy Nurse , Jennifer Gutiérrez , Rita C. Joseph , Amanda Farías , Mercedes Narcisse , Nantasha M. Williams , Kristin Richardson Jordan , Althea V.  Stevens , Tiffany Cabán , Gale A. Brewer , Rafael Salamanca, Jr. , Shaun Abreu , Crystal Hudson , Justin L. Brannan , Chi A. Ossé , Shahana K. Hanif , Shekar Krishnan , Alexa Avilés , Pierina Ana Sanchez , Farah N. Louis , Carlina Rivera Council Member Sponsors: 24 Summary: This bill would require the Department of Health and Mental Hygiene (DOHMH) to establish a pilot program to offer financial incentives for the return of needles, syringes, and sharps used for non-medical consumption at locations in the 5 highest-need council districts. The bill would require DOHMH to determine eligibility for participation in the program. The bill would authorize DOHMH to set the buyback incentive, up to 20 cents per needle, syringe or sharp, with a cap of $10 per individual per day. Once implemented, the program would expire after one year and would require DOHMH to submit a report no later than six months after the program has ended that includes the name and locations of all buyback locations, the number of litter returned under the program, by location, the total amount of money disbursed, and a recommendation as to whether to make the pilot program permanent and whether to expand it. The bill would also require DOHMH to create a community-based plan of action to address the opioid epidemic in communities deemed at highest risk for opioid abuse and deaths. Indexes: Report Required Attachments: 1. Summary of Int. No. 609-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 609 , 3. Int. No. 609 , 4. August 11, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  8-11-22 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - August 11, 2022 , 7. Committee Report 9/20/22 , 8. Hearing Testimony 9/20/22 , 9. Hearing Transcript 9/20/22 , 10. Proposed Int. No. 609-A - 11/16/22 , 11. Committee Report 11/21/22 , 12. Hearing Transcript 11/21/22 , 13. November 22, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 14. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 11-22-22 , 15. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - November 22, 2022 , 16. Int. No. 609-A (FINAL) , 17. Fiscal Impact Statement , 18. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor , 19. Local Law 124 History (12) Text 12 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 12/27/2022 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Returned Unsigned by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 12/23/2022 A Diana I. Ayala Administration City Charter Rule Adopted Action details Meeting details Not available 11/22/2022 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 11/22/2022 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 11/21/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 11/21/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 11/21/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Amended by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 11/21/2022 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 9/20/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 9/20/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 8/11/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 8/11/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available Int. No. 609-A By Council Members Ayala, Restler, Won, Nurse, Gutiérrez, Joseph, Farías, Narcisse, Williams, Richardson Jordan, Stevens, Cabán, Brewer, Salamanca, Abreu, Hudson, Brannan, Ossé, Hanif, Krishnan, Avilés, Sanchez, Louis and Rivera A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to establishing a needle, syringe, and sharps buyback pilot program Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Section 1. The heading of section 17-180.1 of the administrative code of the city of New York, as added by local law number 128 for the year 2018, is amended to read as follows: § 17-180.1 Overdose prevention and reversal training ; needle, syringe, and sharps buyback . § 2. Section 17-180.1 of the administrative code of the city of New York, as added by local law number 128 for the year 2018, is amended by adding new subdivisions g and h to read as follows: g. 1. Needle, syringe, and sharps buyback pilot program. The department shall establish a needle, syringe, and sharps buyback pilot program. Such program shall offer financial incentives to individuals who collect and return needles, syringes, and sharps that were used for non-medical consumption. In implementing such program, the department shall establish at least 1 buyback location in each of the 5 highest-need council districts in the city, as determined by the department. The department shall set the amount of the buyback incentive for such program, except that such incentive shall not exceed 20 cents per needle, syringe, or sharp and shall not exceed a maximum payout of $10 per day to any individual. The department shall determine eligibility for such program and may consult with overdose prevention centers, the New York city health and hospitals corporation, or any other entity deemed relevant by the commissioner in administering such program. 2. Implementation. The pilot program shall commence no later than 30 days after the effective date of the local law that added this subdivision and conclude one year after the date such program commences. On or before the date the pilot program commences, the department shall conspicuously post on its website a list of the buyback locations included in the pilot program. 3. Report. No later than six months following the conclusion of the pilot program, the department shall submit to the mayor and the speaker of the council, and post conspicuously on the department’s website, a report on the pilot program established pursuant to this subdivision. Such report shall include, at a minimum, the following information: (a) The names and addresses of all buyback locations included in the pilot program; (b) The number of needles, syringes, and sharps returned or disposed of under the pilot program, disaggregated by buyback location; (c) The total amount of money disbursed to individuals; and (d) The department’s recommendation as to whether to establish a permanent buyback program and whether and how to expand such program. h. 1. Community-based plan of action. The department, in conjunction with stakeholders, community-based organizations, providers, and all other entities deemed relevant by the commissioner, shall create a community-based plan of action to address the opioid epidemic in communities that the department deems are at highest risk for opioid abuse and overdose deaths. Such plan shall include, at a minimum: (a) The creation of a community-based working group, which shall include relevant stakeholders and providers from each community identified by the department pursuant to this paragraph; (b) A public awareness strategy that targets and addresses each community identified by the department pursuant to this paragraph; and (c) Information on how and where to access opioid antagonists, as defined in subdivision a of this section, in the community. § 3. This local law takes effect 30 days after it becomes law. CP/SS LS #7353/ LS #10486 11/14/2022 8:20p Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text) Details Details Details Details Reports Reports Reports Reports File #: File #: Int 0609-2022 Version: * A Int 0609-2022 Version: Name: Name: Establishing a needle, syringe, and sharps buyback pilot program. Establishing a needle, syringe, and sharps buyback pilot program. Type: Type: Introduction Introduction Status: Status: Enacted Enacted   Committee: Committee: Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction On agenda: On agenda: 8/11/2022 8/11/2022   Enactment date: Enactment date: 12/23/2022 12/23/2022 Law number: Law number: 2022/124 2022/124 Title: Title: A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to establishing a needle, syringe, and sharps buyback pilot program A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to establishing a needle, syringe, and sharps buyback pilot program Sponsors: Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Lincoln Restler , Julie Won , Sandy Nurse , Jennifer Gutiérrez , Rita C. Joseph , Amanda Farías , Mercedes Narcisse , Nantasha M. Williams , Kristin Richardson Jordan , Althea V.  Stevens , Tiffany Cabán , Gale A. Brewer , Rafael Salamanca, Jr. , Shaun Abreu , Crystal Hudson , Justin L. Brannan , Chi A. Ossé , Shahana K. Hanif , Shekar Krishnan , Alexa Avilés , Pierina Ana Sanchez , Farah N. Louis , Carlina Rivera Diana I. Ayala , Lincoln Restler , Julie Won , Sandy Nurse , Jennifer Gutiérrez , Rita C. Joseph , Amanda Farías , Mercedes Narcisse , Nantasha M. Williams , Kristin Richardson Jordan , Althea V.  Stevens , Tiffany Cabán , Gale A. Brewer , Rafael Salamanca, Jr. , Shaun Abreu , Crystal Hudson , Justin L. Brannan , Chi A. Ossé , Shahana K. Hanif , Shekar Krishnan , Alexa Avilés , Pierina Ana Sanchez , Farah N. Louis , Carlina Rivera Council Member Sponsors: Council Member Sponsors: 24 24 Summary: Summary: This bill would require the Department of Health and Mental Hygiene (DOHMH) to establish a pilot program to offer financial incentives for the return of needles, syringes, and sharps used for non-medical consumption at locations in the 5 highest-need council districts. The bill would require DOHMH to determine eligibility for participation in the program. The bill would authorize DOHMH to set the buyback incentive, up to 20 cents per needle, syringe or sharp, with a cap of $10 per individual per day. Once implemented, the program would expire after one year and would require DOHMH to submit a report no later than six months after the program has ended that includes the name and locations of all buyback locations, the number of litter returned under the program, by location, the total amount of money disbursed, and a recommendation as to whether to make the pilot program permanent and whether to expand it. The bill would also require DOHMH to create a community-based plan of action to address the opioid epidemic in communities deemed at highest risk for opioid abuse and deaths. This bill would require the Department of Health and Mental Hygiene (DOHMH) to establish a pilot program to offer financial incentives for the return of needles, syringes, and sharps used for non-medical consumption at locations in the 5 highest-need council districts. The bill would require DOHMH to determine eligibility for participation in the program. The bill would authorize DOHMH to set the buyback incentive, up to 20 cents per needle, syringe or sharp, with a cap of $10 per individual per day. Once implemented, the program would expire after one year and would require DOHMH to submit a report no later than six months after the program has ended that includes the name and locations of all buyback locations, the number of litter returned under the program, by location, the total amount of money disbursed, and a recommendation as to whether to make the pilot program permanent and whether to expand it. The bill would also require DOHMH to create a community-based plan of action to address the opioid epidemic in communities deemed at highest risk for opioid abuse and deaths. Indexes: Indexes: Report Required Report Required Attachments: Attachments: 1. Summary of Int. No. 609-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 609 , 3. Int. No. 609 , 4. August 11, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  8-11-22 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - August 11, 2022 , 7. Committee Report 9/20/22 , 8. Hearing Testimony 9/20/22 , 9. Hearing Transcript 9/20/22 , 10. Proposed Int. No. 609-A - 11/16/22 , 11. Committee Report 11/21/22 , 12. Hearing Transcript 11/21/22 , 13. November 22, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 14. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 11-22-22 , 15. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - November 22, 2022 , 16. Int. No. 609-A (FINAL) , 17. Fiscal Impact Statement , 18. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor , 19. Local Law 124 1. Summary of Int. No. 609-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 609 , 3. Int. No. 609 , 4. August 11, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  8-11-22 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - August 11, 2022 , 7. Committee Report 9/20/22 , 8. Hearing Testimony 9/20/22 , 9. Hearing Transcript 9/20/22 , 10. Proposed Int. No. 609-A - 11/16/22 , 11. Committee Report 11/21/22 , 12. Hearing Transcript 11/21/22 , 13. November 22, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 14. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 11-22-22 , 15. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - November 22, 2022 , 16. Int. No. 609-A (FINAL) , 17. Fiscal Impact Statement , 18. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor , 19. Local Law 124 History (12) History (12) History (12) History (12) Text Text Text Text 12 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 12 records 12 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Date Group by Action By Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 12/27/2022 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Returned Unsigned by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 12/23/2022 A Diana I. Ayala Administration City Charter Rule Adopted Action details Meeting details Not available 11/22/2022 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 11/22/2022 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 11/21/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 11/21/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 11/21/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Amended by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 11/21/2022 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 9/20/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 9/20/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 8/11/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 8/11/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 12/27/2022 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Returned Unsigned by Mayor  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 12/23/2022 A Diana I. Ayala Administration City Charter Rule Adopted  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 11/22/2022 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 11/22/2022 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 11/21/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 11/21/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 11/21/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Amended by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 11/21/2022 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 9/20/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 9/20/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Laid Over by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 8/11/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 8/11/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available Int. No. 609-A Int. No. 609-A   By Council Members Ayala, Restler, Won, Nurse, Gutiérrez, Joseph, Farías, Narcisse, Williams, Richardson Jordan, Stevens, Cabán, Brewer, Salamanca, Abreu, Hudson, Brannan, Ossé, Hanif, Krishnan, Avilés, Sanchez, Louis and Rivera By Council Members Ayala, Restler, Won, Nurse, Gutiérrez, Joseph, Farías, Narcisse, Williams, Richardson Jordan, Stevens, Cabán, Brewer, Salamanca, Abreu, Hudson, Brannan, Ossé, Hanif, Krishnan, Avilés, Sanchez, Louis and Rivera   A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to establishing a needle, syringe, and sharps buyback pilot program A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to establishing a needle, syringe, and sharps buyback pilot program   Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Be it enacted by the Council as follows:   Section 1. The heading of section 17-180.1 of the administrative code of the city of New York, as added by local law number 128 for the year 2018, is amended to read as follows: Section 1. The heading of section 17-180.1 of the administrative code of the city of New York, as added by local law number 128 for the year 2018, is amended to read as follows: § 17-180.1 Overdose prevention and reversal training ; needle, syringe, and sharps buyback . § 17-180.1 Overdose prevention and reversal training ; needle, syringe, and sharps buyback . § 2. Section 17-180.1 of the administrative code of the city of New York, as added by local law number 128 for the year 2018, is amended by adding new subdivisions g and h to read as follows: § 2. Section 17-180.1 of the administrative code of the city of New York, as added by local law number 128 for the year 2018, is amended by adding new subdivisions g and h to read as follows: g. 1. Needle, syringe, and sharps buyback pilot program. The department shall establish a needle, syringe, and sharps buyback pilot program. Such program shall offer financial incentives to individuals who collect and return needles, syringes, and sharps that were used for non-medical consumption. In implementing such program, the department shall establish at least 1 buyback location in each of the 5 highest-need council districts in the city, as determined by the department. The department shall set the amount of the buyback incentive for such program, except that such incentive shall not exceed 20 cents per needle, syringe, or sharp and shall not exceed a maximum payout of $10 per day to any individual. The department shall determine eligibility for such program and may consult with overdose prevention centers, the New York city health and hospitals corporation, or any other entity deemed relevant by the commissioner in administering such program. g. 1. Needle, syringe, and sharps buyback pilot program. The department shall establish a needle, syringe, and sharps buyback pilot program. Such program shall offer financial incentives to individuals who collect and return needles, syringes, and sharps that were used for non-medical consumption. In implementing such program, the department shall establish at least 1 buyback location in each of the 5 highest-need council districts in the city, as determined by the department. The department shall set the amount of the buyback incentive for such program, except that such incentive shall not exceed 20 cents per needle, syringe, or sharp and shall not exceed a maximum payout of $10 per day to any individual. The department shall determine eligibility for such program and may consult with overdose prevention centers, the New York city health and hospitals corporation, or any other entity deemed relevant by the commissioner in administering such program. 2. Implementation. The pilot program shall commence no later than 30 days after the effective date of the local law that added this subdivision and conclude one year after the date such program commences. On or before the date the pilot program commences, the department shall conspicuously post on its website a list of the buyback locations included in the pilot program. 2. Implementation. The pilot program shall commence no later than 30 days after the effective date of the local law that added this subdivision and conclude one year after the date such program commences. On or before the date the pilot program commences, the department shall conspicuously post on its website a list of the buyback locations included in the pilot program. 3. Report. No later than six months following the conclusion of the pilot program, the department shall submit to the mayor and the speaker of the council, and post conspicuously on the department’s website, a report on the pilot program established pursuant to this subdivision. Such report shall include, at a minimum, the following information: 3. Report. No later than six months following the conclusion of the pilot program, the department shall submit to the mayor and the speaker of the council, and post conspicuously on the department’s website, a report on the pilot program established pursuant to this subdivision. Such report shall include, at a minimum, the following information: (a) The names and addresses of all buyback locations included in the pilot program; (a) The names and addresses of all buyback locations included in the pilot program; (b) The number of needles, syringes, and sharps returned or disposed of under the pilot program, disaggregated by buyback location; (b) The number of needles, syringes, and sharps returned or disposed of under the pilot program, disaggregated by buyback location; (c) The total amount of money disbursed to individuals; and (c) The total amount of money disbursed to individuals; and (d) The department’s recommendation as to whether to establish a permanent buyback program and whether and how to expand such program. (d) The department’s recommendation as to whether to establish a permanent buyback program and whether and how to expand such program.  h. 1. Community-based plan of action. The department, in conjunction with stakeholders, community-based organizations, providers, and all other entities deemed relevant by the commissioner, shall create a community-based plan of action to address the opioid epidemic in communities that the department deems are at highest risk for opioid abuse and overdose deaths. Such plan shall include, at a minimum: h. 1. Community-based plan of action. The department, in conjunction with stakeholders, community-based organizations, providers, and all other entities deemed relevant by the commissioner, shall create a community-based plan of action to address the opioid epidemic in communities that the department deems are at highest risk for opioid abuse and overdose deaths. Such plan shall include, at a minimum: (a) The creation of a community-based working group, which shall include relevant stakeholders and providers from each community identified by the department pursuant to this paragraph; (a) The creation of a community-based working group, which shall include relevant stakeholders and providers from each community identified by the department pursuant to this paragraph; (b) A public awareness strategy that targets and addresses each community identified by the department pursuant to this paragraph; and (b) A public awareness strategy that targets and addresses each community identified by the department pursuant to this paragraph; and (c) Information on how and where to access opioid antagonists, as defined in subdivision a of this section, in the community. (c) Information on how and where to access opioid antagonists, as defined in subdivision a of this section, in the community. § 3. This local law takes effect 30 days after it becomes law. § 3. This local law takes effect 30 days after it becomes law.         CP/SS CP/SS LS #7353/ LS #10486 LS #7353/ LS #10486 11/14/2022 8:20p 11/14/2022 8:20p Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text)

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/LegislationDetail.aspx?ID=3844812&GUID=57A2BA47-0C76-4145-B266-3F421DF939E9&Options=Advanced&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Reports File #: Int 1339-2019 Version: * A Name: Providing information about lawful source of income discrimination to applicants for the city fighting homelessness and eviction prevention supplement program. Type: Introduction Status: Enacted Committee: Committee on General Welfare On agenda: 1/24/2019 Enactment date: 11/17/2020 Law number: 2020/115 Title: A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to providing information about lawful source of income discrimination to applicants for the city fighting homelessness and eviction prevention supplement program Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Vanessa L. Gibson , Brad S. Lander , Donovan J. Richards , Public Advocate Jumaane Williams , Margaret S. Chin , Keith Powers , Antonio Reynoso , Robert E. Cornegy, Jr. , Carlina Rivera , Helen K. Rosenthal , Ben Kallos , Adrienne E. Adams , Deborah L. Rose , Carlos Menchaca , Farah N. Louis , Inez D. Barron Council Member Sponsors: 17 Summary: This bill would require the New York City Department of Social Services (DSS) to arrange for the provision of a written notice to CityFHEPS rental assistance program applicants with administration about source of income discrimination at the time an applicant receives a shopping letter from DSS. The notice would provide information about protections under the New York City Human Rights Law related to discrimination on the basis of a person’s lawful source of income. Attachments: 1. Summary of Int. No. 1339-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 1339 , 3. Int. No. 1339 , 4. January 24, 2019 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  1-24-19 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - January 24, 2019 , 7. Committee Report 9/15/20 , 8. Hearing Testimony 9/15/20 , 9. Hearing Testimony 9/15/20 (Con't) , 10. Hearing Transcript 9/15/20 , 11. Proposed Int. No. 1339-A - 10/27/20 , 12. Committee Report 10/29/20 , 13. Hearing Transcript 10/29/20 , 14. Committee Report - Stated Meeting , 15. October 29, 2020 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 16. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 10-29-20 , 17. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - October 29, 2020 , 18. Int. No. 1339-A (FINAL) , 19. Fiscal Impact Statement , 20. Mayor's Letter , 21. Local Law 115 History (15) Text 15 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 11/18/2020 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Recved from Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 11/17/2020 A Diana I. Ayala Mayor Signed Into Law by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 11/17/2020 A Diana I. Ayala Mayor Hearing Held by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 10/29/2020 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 10/29/2020 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 10/29/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 10/29/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 10/29/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Amended by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 10/29/2020 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 9/15/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Civil and Human Rights Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 9/15/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Civil and Human Rights Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 9/15/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 9/15/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 1/24/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 1/24/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available Int. No. 1339-A By Council Members Ayala, Gibson, Lander, Richards, the Public Advocate (Mr. Williams), Chin, Powers, Reynoso, Cornegy, Rivera, Rosenthal, Kallos, Adams, Rose, Menchaca, Louis and Barron A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to providing information about lawful source of income discrimination to applicants for the city fighting homelessness and eviction prevention supplement program Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Section 1. Chapter 1 of title 21 of the administrative code of the city of New York is amended by adding a new section 21-141.1 to read as follows: § 21-141.1 Information regarding lawful source of income discrimination. a. Definitions. For purposes of this section, the following terms have the following meanings: CityFHEPS. The term “CityFHEPS” means the city fighting homelessness and eviction prevention supplement program established pursuant to chapter 10 of title 68 of the rules of the city of New York or any successor program. Covered entity. The term “covered entity” means the owner, lessor, lessee, sublessee, assignee, or managing agent of, or other person having the right to sell, rent or lease or approve the sale, rental or lease of a housing accommodation, constructed or to be constructed, or an interest therein, or any agent or employee thereof, who is subject to the prohibition on discrimination based on lawful source of discrimination pursuant to subdivision 5 of  section 8-107. Lawful source of income. The term “lawful source of income” has the meaning as set forth in section 8-102. Shopping letter. The term “shopping letter” means a letter issued by the department to assist a household in its housing search that identifies the household as potentially eligible for CityFHEPS and lists the maximum rent. b. The department shall provide written notice regarding the protections of section 8-107 related to lawful source of income at the time that a CityFHEPS applicant receives a shopping letter. Such notice shall be developed by the New York city commission on human rights pursuant to paragraph p of subdivision 5 of section 8-107 in consultation with the department. § 2.  Subdivision 5 of section 8-107 of the administrative code of the city of New York is amended by adding a new paragraph (p) to read as follows: (p) For purposes of this paragraph, the term “CityFHEPS” means the city fighting homelessness and eviction prevention supplement program established pursuant to chapter 10 of title 68 of the rules of the city of New York or any successor program. The commission shall develop and disseminate a written notice of protections of this subdivision related to lawful source of income. The notice shall be made available to the department of social services for use in accordance with section 21-141.1. The notice shall include, at a minimum, the following information: 1. Examples of different forms of lawful source of income; 2. A description of covered entities required not to discriminate on the basis of lawful sources of income; 3. Examples of actions that may indicate discrimination based on lawful source of income in violation of title 8, such as refusing to accept lawful source of income for rent payment, publishing any type of advertisement that indicates a refusal to accept any lawful source of income, and refusing or delaying repairs because a person uses any lawful source of income for rent payment, publishing any type of advertisement that indicates a refusal to accept any lawful source of income,  and any additional actions landlords or brokers use to unlawfully discriminate against a person on the basis of their using any lawful source of income; 4. A statement that it is illegal for covered entities to refuse to accept a CityFHEPS subsidy for payment of rent or a security deposit voucher in buildings subject to the prohibition on discrimination on the basis of lawful source of income pursuant to section 8-107; 5. A statement that it is illegal for covered entities to request additional payments for rent, a security deposit or broker’s fee because an individual receives rental assistance; 6. A statement that it is illegal for covered entities to publish any type of advertisement that indicates a refusal to accept rental assistance; 7. A statement that it is illegal for landlords to refuse or delay making repairs to an individual’s unit because such individual pays rent with a CityFHEPS subsidy; 8. A statement that an individual has the right to be free from discriminatory, harassing or threatening behavior or comments based on such individual’s receipt of or application for CityFHEPS; 9. Directions on how to contact the commission, the department of social services’ source of income discrimination unit, the state division of human rights and the office of the state attorney general ; 10. A description of potential remedies available at the commission if a covered entity is found to have engaged in discrimination based on lawful source of income; and 11. Any other information deemed appropriate by the commissioner and the commission in consultation with the department of social services. § 3. This local law takes effect 180 days after it becomes law. MHL/ACK LS #7731 10/21/2020 9:53pm Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text) Details Details Details Details Reports Reports Reports Reports File #: File #: Int 1339-2019 Version: * A Int 1339-2019 Version: Name: Name: Providing information about lawful source of income discrimination to applicants for the city fighting homelessness and eviction prevention supplement program. Providing information about lawful source of income discrimination to applicants for the city fighting homelessness and eviction prevention supplement program. Type: Type: Introduction Introduction Status: Status: Enacted Enacted   Committee: Committee: Committee on General Welfare On agenda: On agenda: 1/24/2019 1/24/2019   Enactment date: Enactment date: 11/17/2020 11/17/2020 Law number: Law number: 2020/115 2020/115 Title: Title: A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to providing information about lawful source of income discrimination to applicants for the city fighting homelessness and eviction prevention supplement program A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to providing information about lawful source of income discrimination to applicants for the city fighting homelessness and eviction prevention supplement program Sponsors: Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Vanessa L. Gibson , Brad S. Lander , Donovan J. Richards , Public Advocate Jumaane Williams , Margaret S. Chin , Keith Powers , Antonio Reynoso , Robert E. Cornegy, Jr. , Carlina Rivera , Helen K. Rosenthal , Ben Kallos , Adrienne E. Adams , Deborah L. Rose , Carlos Menchaca , Farah N. Louis , Inez D. Barron Diana I. Ayala , Vanessa L. Gibson , Brad S. Lander , Donovan J. Richards , Public Advocate Jumaane Williams , Margaret S. Chin , Keith Powers , Antonio Reynoso , Robert E. Cornegy, Jr. , Carlina Rivera , Helen K. Rosenthal , Ben Kallos , Adrienne E. Adams , Deborah L. Rose , Carlos Menchaca , Farah N. Louis , Inez D. Barron Council Member Sponsors: Council Member Sponsors: 17 17 Summary: Summary: This bill would require the New York City Department of Social Services (DSS) to arrange for the provision of a written notice to CityFHEPS rental assistance program applicants with administration about source of income discrimination at the time an applicant receives a shopping letter from DSS. The notice would provide information about protections under the New York City Human Rights Law related to discrimination on the basis of a person’s lawful source of income. This bill would require the New York City Department of Social Services (DSS) to arrange for the provision of a written notice to CityFHEPS rental assistance program applicants with administration about source of income discrimination at the time an applicant receives a shopping letter from DSS. The notice would provide information about protections under the New York City Human Rights Law related to discrimination on the basis of a person’s lawful source of income. Attachments: Attachments: 1. Summary of Int. No. 1339-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 1339 , 3. Int. No. 1339 , 4. January 24, 2019 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  1-24-19 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - January 24, 2019 , 7. Committee Report 9/15/20 , 8. Hearing Testimony 9/15/20 , 9. Hearing Testimony 9/15/20 (Con't) , 10. Hearing Transcript 9/15/20 , 11. Proposed Int. No. 1339-A - 10/27/20 , 12. Committee Report 10/29/20 , 13. Hearing Transcript 10/29/20 , 14. Committee Report - Stated Meeting , 15. October 29, 2020 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 16. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 10-29-20 , 17. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - October 29, 2020 , 18. Int. No. 1339-A (FINAL) , 19. Fiscal Impact Statement , 20. Mayor's Letter , 21. Local Law 115 1. Summary of Int. No. 1339-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 1339 , 3. Int. No. 1339 , 4. January 24, 2019 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  1-24-19 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - January 24, 2019 , 7. Committee Report 9/15/20 , 8. Hearing Testimony 9/15/20 , 9. Hearing Testimony 9/15/20 (Con't) , 10. Hearing Transcript 9/15/20 , 11. Proposed Int. No. 1339-A - 10/27/20 , 12. Committee Report 10/29/20 , 13. Hearing Transcript 10/29/20 , 14. Committee Report - Stated Meeting , 15. October 29, 2020 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 16. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 10-29-20 , 17. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - October 29, 2020 , 18. Int. No. 1339-A (FINAL) , 19. Fiscal Impact Statement , 20. Mayor's Letter , 21. Local Law 115 History (15) History (15) History (15) History (15) Text Text Text Text 15 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 15 records 15 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Date Group by Action By Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 11/18/2020 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Recved from Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 11/17/2020 A Diana I. Ayala Mayor Signed Into Law by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 11/17/2020 A Diana I. Ayala Mayor Hearing Held by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 10/29/2020 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 10/29/2020 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 10/29/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 10/29/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 10/29/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Amended by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 10/29/2020 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 9/15/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Civil and Human Rights Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 9/15/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Civil and Human Rights Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 9/15/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 9/15/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 1/24/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 1/24/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 11/18/2020 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Recved from Mayor by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 11/17/2020 A Diana I. Ayala Mayor Signed Into Law by Mayor  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 11/17/2020 A Diana I. Ayala Mayor Hearing Held by Mayor  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 10/29/2020 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 10/29/2020 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 10/29/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 10/29/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 10/29/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Amended by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 10/29/2020 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 9/15/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Civil and Human Rights Laid Over by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 9/15/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Civil and Human Rights Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 9/15/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Laid Over by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 9/15/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 1/24/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 1/24/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available Int. No. 1339-A Int. No. 1339-A   By Council Members Ayala, Gibson, Lander, Richards, the Public Advocate (Mr. Williams), Chin, Powers, Reynoso, Cornegy, Rivera, Rosenthal, Kallos, Adams, Rose, Menchaca, Louis and Barron By Council Members Ayala, Gibson, Lander, Richards, the Public Advocate (Mr. Williams), Chin, Powers, Reynoso, Cornegy, Rivera, Rosenthal, Kallos, Adams, Rose, Menchaca, Louis and Barron A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to providing information about lawful source of income discrimination to applicants for the city fighting homelessness and eviction prevention supplement program A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to providing information about lawful source of income discrimination to applicants for the city fighting homelessness and eviction prevention supplement program   Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Be it enacted by the Council as follows:   Section 1. Chapter 1 of title 21 of the administrative code of the city of New York is amended by adding a new section 21-141.1 to read as follows: Section 1. Chapter 1 of title 21 of the administrative code of the city of New York is amended by adding a new section 21-141.1 to read as follows: § 21-141.1 Information regarding lawful source of income discrimination. a. Definitions. For purposes of this section, the following terms have the following meanings: § 21-141.1 Information regarding lawful source of income discrimination. a. Definitions. For purposes of this section, the following terms have the following meanings: CityFHEPS. The term “CityFHEPS” means the city fighting homelessness and eviction prevention supplement program established pursuant to chapter 10 of title 68 of the rules of the city of New York or any successor program. CityFHEPS. The term “CityFHEPS” means the city fighting homelessness and eviction prevention supplement program established pursuant to chapter 10 of title 68 of the rules of the city of New York or any successor program. Covered entity. The term “covered entity” means the owner, lessor, lessee, sublessee, assignee, or managing agent of, or other person having the right to sell, rent or lease or approve the sale, rental or lease of a housing accommodation, constructed or to be constructed, or an interest therein, or any agent or employee thereof, who is subject to the prohibition on discrimination based on lawful source of discrimination pursuant to subdivision 5 of  section 8-107. Covered entity. The term “covered entity” means the owner, lessor, lessee, sublessee, assignee, or managing agent of, or other person having the right to sell, rent or lease or approve the sale, rental or lease of a housing accommodation, constructed or to be constructed, or an interest therein, or any agent or employee thereof, who is subject to the prohibition on discrimination based on lawful source of discrimination pursuant to subdivision 5 of  section 8-107. Lawful source of income. The term “lawful source of income” has the meaning as set forth in section 8-102. Lawful source of income. The term “lawful source of income” has the meaning as set forth in section 8-102. Shopping letter. The term “shopping letter” means a letter issued by the department to assist a household in its housing search that identifies the household as potentially eligible for CityFHEPS and lists the maximum rent. Shopping letter. The term “shopping letter” means a letter issued by the department to assist a household in its housing search that identifies the household as potentially eligible for CityFHEPS and lists the maximum rent. b. The department shall provide written notice regarding the protections of section 8-107 related to lawful source of income at the time that a CityFHEPS applicant receives a shopping letter. Such notice shall be developed by the New York city commission on human rights pursuant to paragraph p of subdivision 5 of section 8-107 in consultation with the department. b. The department shall provide written notice regarding the protections of section 8-107 related to lawful source of income at the time that a CityFHEPS applicant receives a shopping letter. Such notice shall be developed by the New York city commission on human rights pursuant to paragraph p of subdivision 5 of section 8-107 in consultation with the department. § 2.  Subdivision 5 of section 8-107 of the administrative code of the city of New York is amended by adding a new paragraph (p) to read as follows: § 2.  Subdivision 5 of section 8-107 of the administrative code of the city of New York is amended by adding a new paragraph (p) to read as follows: (p) For purposes of this paragraph, the term “CityFHEPS” means the city fighting homelessness and eviction prevention supplement program established pursuant to chapter 10 of title 68 of the rules of the city of New York or any successor program. The commission shall develop and disseminate a written notice of protections of this subdivision related to lawful source of income. The notice shall be made available to the department of social services for use in accordance with section 21-141.1. The notice shall include, at a minimum, the following information: (p) For purposes of this paragraph, the term “CityFHEPS” means the city fighting homelessness and eviction prevention supplement program established pursuant to chapter 10 of title 68 of the rules of the city of New York or any successor program. The commission shall develop and disseminate a written notice of protections of this subdivision related to lawful source of income. The notice shall be made available to the department of social services for use in accordance with section 21-141.1. The notice shall include, at a minimum, the following information: 1. Examples of different forms of lawful source of income;  1. Examples of different forms of lawful source of income; 2. A description of covered entities required not to discriminate on the basis of lawful sources of income;  2. A description of covered entities required not to discriminate on the basis of lawful sources of income; 3. Examples of actions that may indicate discrimination based on lawful source of income in violation of title 8, such as refusing to accept lawful source of income for rent payment, publishing any type of advertisement that indicates a refusal to accept any lawful source of income, and refusing or delaying repairs because a person uses any lawful source of income for rent payment, publishing any type of advertisement that indicates a refusal to accept any lawful source of income,  and any additional actions landlords or brokers use to unlawfully discriminate against a person on the basis of their using any lawful source of income;  3. Examples of actions that may indicate discrimination based on lawful source of income in violation of title 8, such as refusing to accept lawful source of income for rent payment, publishing any type of advertisement that indicates a refusal to accept any lawful source of income, and refusing or delaying repairs because a person uses any lawful source of income for rent payment, publishing any type of advertisement that indicates a refusal to accept any lawful source of income,  and any additional actions landlords or brokers use to unlawfully discriminate against a person on the basis of their using any lawful source of income; 4. A statement that it is illegal for covered entities to refuse to accept a CityFHEPS subsidy for payment of rent or a security deposit voucher in buildings subject to the prohibition on discrimination on the basis of lawful source of income pursuant to section 8-107; 4. A statement that it is illegal for covered entities to refuse to accept a CityFHEPS subsidy for payment of rent or a security deposit voucher in buildings subject to the prohibition on discrimination on the basis of lawful source of income pursuant to section 8-107; 5. A statement that it is illegal for covered entities to request additional payments for rent, a security deposit or broker’s fee because an individual receives rental assistance; 5. A statement that it is illegal for covered entities to request additional payments for rent, a security deposit or broker’s fee because an individual receives rental assistance; 6. A statement that it is illegal for covered entities to publish any type of advertisement that indicates a refusal to accept rental assistance;  6. A statement that it is illegal for covered entities to publish any type of advertisement that indicates a refusal to accept rental assistance; 7. A statement that it is illegal for landlords to refuse or delay making repairs to an individual’s unit because such individual pays rent with a CityFHEPS subsidy;  7. A statement that it is illegal for landlords to refuse or delay making repairs to an individual’s unit because such individual pays rent with a CityFHEPS subsidy; 8. A statement that an individual has the right to be free from discriminatory, harassing or threatening behavior or comments based on such individual’s receipt of or application for CityFHEPS;  8. A statement that an individual has the right to be free from discriminatory, harassing or threatening behavior or comments based on such individual’s receipt of or application for CityFHEPS; 9. Directions on how to contact the commission, the department of social services’ source of income discrimination unit, the state division of human rights and the office of the state attorney general ; 9. Directions on how to contact the commission, the department of social services’ source of income discrimination unit, the state division of human rights and the office of the state attorney general ; 10. A description of potential remedies available at the commission if a covered entity is found to have engaged in discrimination based on lawful source of income; and 10. A description of potential remedies available at the commission if a covered entity is found to have engaged in discrimination based on lawful source of income; and 11. Any other information deemed appropriate by the commissioner and the commission in consultation with the department of social services. 11. Any other information deemed appropriate by the commissioner and the commission in consultation with the department of social services. § 3. This local law takes effect 180 days after it becomes law. § 3. This local law takes effect 180 days after it becomes law.       MHL/ACK MHL/ACK LS #7731 LS #7731 10/21/2020 9:53pm 10/21/2020 9:53pm Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text)

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/LegislationDetail.aspx?ID=6276191&GUID=5A55AE85-C699-45E0-B357-A30BA026BC76&Options=Advanced&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Reports File #: Res 0713-2023 Version: * Name: M 169  - Resolution to provide the amounts necessary for the support of the Government of the City of New York and the counties therein and for the payment of indebtedness thereof, for the Fiscal Year beginning on July 1, 2023 and ending on June 30, 2024. Type: Resolution Status: Adopted Committee: Committee on Finance On agenda: 6/30/2023 Enactment date: Law number: Title: Resolution to provide the amounts necessary for the support of the Government of the City of New York and the counties therein and for the payment of indebtedness thereof, for the Fiscal Year beginning on July 1, 2023 and ending on June 30, 2024 by the levy of taxes on the Real Property in the City of New York, in accordance with the provisions of the constitution of the State of New York, the Real Property Tax Law and the New York City Charter. Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala Council Member Sponsors: 1 Attachments: 1. Res. No. 713 , 2. Exhibit A , 3. Exhibit B , 4. Exhibit C , 5. Committee Report , 6. Hearing Transcript , 7. June 30, 2023 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 8. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  6-30-23 , 9. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 30, 2023 History (4) Text 4 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 6/30/2023 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved, by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 6/30/2023 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/30/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 6/30/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance P-C Item Approved by Comm Pass Action details Meeting details Not available A COPY OF RES. NO. 713 CAN BE FOUND UNDER THE ATTACHMENT TAB Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text) Details Details Details Details Reports Reports Reports Reports File #: File #: Res 0713-2023 Version: * Res 0713-2023 Version: * Name: Name: M 169  - Resolution to provide the amounts necessary for the support of the Government of the City of New York and the counties therein and for the payment of indebtedness thereof, for the Fiscal Year beginning on July 1, 2023 and ending on June 30, 2024. M 169  - Resolution to provide the amounts necessary for the support of the Government of the City of New York and the counties therein and for the payment of indebtedness thereof, for the Fiscal Year beginning on July 1, 2023 and ending on June 30, 2024. Type: Type: Resolution Resolution Status: Status: Adopted Adopted   Committee: Committee: Committee on Finance On agenda: On agenda: 6/30/2023 6/30/2023   Enactment date: Enactment date:   Law number: Law number:   Title: Title: Resolution to provide the amounts necessary for the support of the Government of the City of New York and the counties therein and for the payment of indebtedness thereof, for the Fiscal Year beginning on July 1, 2023 and ending on June 30, 2024 by the levy of taxes on the Real Property in the City of New York, in accordance with the provisions of the constitution of the State of New York, the Real Property Tax Law and the New York City Charter. Resolution to provide the amounts necessary for the support of the Government of the City of New York and the counties therein and for the payment of indebtedness thereof, for the Fiscal Year beginning on July 1, 2023 and ending on June 30, 2024 by the levy of taxes on the Real Property in the City of New York, in accordance with the provisions of the constitution of the State of New York, the Real Property Tax Law and the New York City Charter. Sponsors: Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala Diana I. Ayala Council Member Sponsors: Council Member Sponsors: 1 1 Attachments: Attachments: 1. Res. No. 713 , 2. Exhibit A , 3. Exhibit B , 4. Exhibit C , 5. Committee Report , 6. Hearing Transcript , 7. June 30, 2023 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 8. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  6-30-23 , 9. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 30, 2023 1. Res. No. 713 , 2. Exhibit A , 3. Exhibit B , 4. Exhibit C , 5. Committee Report , 6. Hearing Transcript , 7. June 30, 2023 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 8. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  6-30-23 , 9. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 30, 2023 History (4) History (4) History (4) History (4) Text Text Text Text 4 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 4 records 4 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Date Group by Action By Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 6/30/2023 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved, by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 6/30/2023 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/30/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 6/30/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance P-C Item Approved by Comm Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 6/30/2023 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved, by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/30/2023 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/30/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Hearing on P-C Item by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/30/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance P-C Item Approved by Comm Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available A COPY OF A COPY OF RES. NO. 713 RES. NO. 713 CAN BE FOUND UNDER CAN BE FOUND UNDER THE ATTACHMENT TAB THE ATTACHMENT TAB   Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text)

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/LegislationDetail.aspx?ID=4966517&GUID=23CA198A-0612-439D-AB54-14065535D735&Options=Advanced&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Reports File #: Int 2318-2021 Version: * A Name: Licensing of construction labor providers. Type: Introduction Status: Enacted Committee: Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing On agenda: 5/27/2021 Enactment date: 12/11/2021 Law number: 2021/150 Title: A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to the licensing of construction labor providers Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Justin L. Brannan , Francisco P. Moya , Margaret S. Chin , Vanessa L. Gibson , Ben Kallos , Helen K. Rosenthal , Rafael Salamanca, Jr. , I. Daneek Miller , Brad S. Lander , Carlos Menchaca , Carlina Rivera , Keith Powers , Kevin C. Riley , Eric Dinowitz , Mark Levine , Karen Koslowitz , Antonio Reynoso , Adrienne E. Adams , Robert F. Holden , Stephen T. Levin , Oswald Feliz , Laurie A. Cumbo , Farah N. Louis , Alicka Ampry-Samuel , Robert E. Cornegy, Jr. , Selvena N. Brooks-Powers , Paul A. Vallone , Daniel Dromm , James G. Van Bramer , Inez D. Barron Council Member Sponsors: 31 Summary: This bill would require certain businesses that supply their employees to clients for the performance of construction work or manual labor on the client’s construction site, in exchange for compensation, to be licensed. The term “construction” in this bill explicitly excludes handyman work.  Applying for a license would require certain signed statements and select information on business operations, and each covered business would have to supply their workers with a series of notices: on their rights as workers covered by this bill; training and certifications the employees would need to perform their work duties; and information on the employees’ work assignments. The businesses’ clients would also receive some of these notices, and these clients could be subject to civil penalties if they use the services of an unlicensed business that is required to be licensed by this bill. Businesses that violate the bill’s subchapter would also be subject to penalties. 
Employees of the businesses aggrieved by a violation of the bill’s subchapter would be able to initiate a private right of action against their employers for violations of the bill, including for retaliation against employees for availing themselves of rights provided by this bill. Indexes: Agency Rule-making Required Attachments: 1. Summary of Int. No. 2318-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 2318 , 3. Int. No. 2318 , 4. May 27, 2021 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 5-27-21 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - May 27, 2021 , 7. Committee Report 9/15/21 , 8. Hearing Testimony 9/15/21 , 9. Hearing Transcript 9/15/21 , 10. Proposed Int. No. 2318-A - 11/3/21 , 11. Committee Report 11/10/21 , 12. Hearing Transcript 11/10/21 , 13. Committee Report - Stated Meeting , 14. November 10, 2021 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 15. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 11-10-21 , 16. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - November 10, 2021 , 17. Int. No. 2318-A (FINAL) , 18. Fiscal Impact Statement , 19. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor , 20. Local Law 150 History (12) Text 12 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 12/13/2021 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Returned Unsigned by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 12/11/2021 A Diana I. Ayala Administration City Charter Rule Adopted Action details Meeting details Not available 11/10/2021 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 11/10/2021 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 11/10/2021 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 11/10/2021 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 11/10/2021 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing Amended by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 11/10/2021 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 9/15/2021 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 9/15/2021 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 5/27/2021 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 5/27/2021 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available Int. No. 2318-A By Council Members Ayala, Brannan, Moya, Chin, Gibson, Kallos, Rosenthal, Salamanca, Miller, Lander, Menchaca, Rivera, Powers, Riley, Dinowitz, Levine, Koslowitz, Reynoso, Adams, Holden, Levin, Feliz, Cumbo, Louis, Ampry-Samuel, Cornegy, Brooks-Powers, Vallone, Dromm, Van Bramer and Barron A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to the licensing of construction labor providers Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Section 1. Chapter 2 of title 20 of the administrative code of the city of New York is amended by adding a new subchapter 37 to read as follows: SUBCHAPTER 37 CONSTRUCTION LABOR PROVIDERS § 20-564 Definitions. For purposes of this subchapter, the following terms have the following meanings: Construction. The term “construction” has the same meaning as defined in section 3302.1 of the New York city building code and does not include minor alterations and ordinary repairs, as defined in section 28-105.4.2.1 of such code. Construction labor provider. The term "construction labor provider" means a person who employs and supplies a covered construction worker to a third party client for the performance of construction work or manual labor for a construction project of such client on a site in the city, in exchange for compensation from such third party client, provided that the completion of such project is directed by such client or such client’s contractor and not such person. The term “construction labor provider” does not mean: 1. An employment agency or an employee fee paid employment agency, as defined by article 11 of the general business law; 2. A professional employer organization, as defined by article 31 of the labor law; 3. A construction subcontractor that is responsible for and performs all of the following: (i) performing construction work on a project in accordance with a written contract for a defined scope of construction work at a fixed price; (ii) obtaining necessary licenses to perform construction services under the entity’s name; (iii) exclusively controlling the subcontractor’s workers, including having hiring and firing authority and direction of methods and means of construction work performed on the construction project; (iv) paying wages and fringe benefits to workers by the subcontractor and not any other person or entity, and maintaining required employment and payroll records by the subcontractor; (v) purchasing the majority of materials, supplies and tools for construction work performed by the subcontractor on the project; and (vi) maintaining workers’ compensation and unemployment insurance coverage for periods preceding, during and succeeding the term of the construction project for the type and scope of construction work performed by the subcontractor on the project. The commissioner may promulgate rules requiring additional documentation to establish that an applicant is a construction subcontractor; or 4. A general contractor, as defined in section 28-401.3. Covered construction worker. The term “covered construction worker” means a person who is employed by a construction labor provider to perform construction work or manual labor on a construction site. Manual labor. The term “manual labor” means the type of physical work the performance of which classifies a natural person as a “manual worker” in accordance with section 190 of the labor law and the rules and regulations adopted thereunder. Retaliation.  The term “retaliation” means any adverse employment action taken or threat to take adverse employment action by a construction labor provider against any person, or any action to directly or indirectly intimidate, threaten, coerce, command or influence or attempt to intimidate, threaten, coerce, command or influence any person because such person has taken an action to enforce, inquire about or inform others about the requirements of this subchapter. Successor. The term “successor” means a construction labor provider that does or has done two or more of the following: a. Uses the same facility, facilities or workforce to offer substantially the same services as a predecessor construction labor provider; b. Shared in the ownership, or otherwise exercised control over, the management of a predecessor construction labor provider; c. Employs in a managerial capacity any person who controlled the wages, hours, or working conditions of the affected employees of a predecessor construction labor provider; or d. Is an immediate family member, including a parent, step-parent, child, or step, foster or adopted child, of any owner, partner, officer, or director of a predecessor construction labor provider, or of any person who had a financial interest in the predecessor construction labor provider. Third party client. The term “third party client" means any person who contracts with a construction labor provider to obtain the services of a covered construction worker for construction work or manual labor at a construction site in the city. § 20-564.1 License. a. It shall be unlawful for any person to engage in business as a construction labor provider without first having obtained a license from the department pursuant to this subchapter. Licenses issued pursuant to this subchapter shall be valid for no more than two years and expire on a date the commissioner prescribes by rule. A license to operate as a construction labor provider shall be granted in accordance with the provisions of this subchapter and any rules promulgated by the commissioner thereunder. b. There shall be a fee of $200 to apply for or renew a license issued under this subchapter. c. In addition to an applicant's name, address, email address, corporate structure and ownership, the names of each principal and officer, and other information as the commissioner may require, an applicant for a license required by this section or renewal thereof shall furnish the following information: 1. If the applicant is a non-resident of the city, the name and address of a registered agent within the city upon whom process or other notifications may be served. 2. A signed statement certifying: (a) Compliance with all laws, regulations and rules applicable to doing business as a construction labor provider; (b) That the applicant has no outstanding final judgments or warrants against the applicant in any action arising out of a violation of this subchapter or any rules promulgated thereunder; (c) That the applicant maintains a commercial general liability insurance policy in the amount of one million dollars per occurrence and two million dollars in the aggregate; and (d) That the applicant maintains workers' compensation coverage, unemployment insurance, and disability insurance for covered construction workers employed by such applicant, in compliance with law; 3. For the renewal of such license, the following information on business operations: (a) The total number of covered construction workers employed during the preceding license term; (b) The average hourly rate of wage paid to covered construction workers, as of the date of application, disaggregated by workers’ compensation classification code; (c) Types and hourly value of supplemental benefits paid to covered construction workers, as of the date of application, disaggregated by workers’ compensation classification code; (d) The name of each third party client during the preceding license term; and (e) The address of each site where covered construction workers worked during the preceding license term, disaggregated by third party client for whom the work was performed. d. Denial, renewal, suspension and revocation of license. In addition to any powers of the commissioner and not in limitation thereof, the commissioner may deny or refuse to renew any license required under this subchapter and may suspend or revoke any such license, after due notice and opportunity to be heard, if it is found that: 1. The applicant has failed to satisfy any fine or civil penalty ordered against such applicant in a judicial or administrative proceeding arising out of a violation of this subchapter or chapter one of this title or any rules promulgated thereunder; 2. An entity to which the applicant is a successor has failed to satisfy any fine or civil penalty ordered against such entity in a judicial or administrative proceeding arising out of a violation of this subchapter or chapter one of this title or any rules promulgated thereunder; 3. The applicant failed to answer a summons, notice of violation, request for records, or subpoena, appear for a hearing, or provide truthful information or documentation to the commissioner in connection with the application or other request for information; 4. The applicant or an entity to which the applicant is a successor committed two or more violations of any provision of this subchapter, chapter one of this title, chapter five of title twenty of this code, or any rules promulgated thereunder in the preceding two years; 5. There has been a final determination of liability against the applicant in a civil, criminal or administrative action involving egregious or repeated nonpayment or underpayment of wages or other illegal acts or omissions bearing a direct relationship to the fitness of the applicant to conduct the business; or 6. The applicant failed to submit the records described in section 20-564.4 for inspection by the department. § 20-564.2 Employee notices. a. Notice of rights. Every construction labor provider shall provide to each covered construction worker, in English and in the language identified by each covered construction worker as the primary language of such worker, at the time of hiring, a written notice of the rights of covered construction workers prepared and provided by the commissioner. Such notice shall include information on minimum wage, overtime, safe and sick leave, health and safety in the workplace, protections against employment discrimination, unemployment insurance, workers' compensation, and the rights to notices and to be free from retaliation under this subchapter. b. Certification notice. Every construction labor provider shall provide to each applicant for employment as a covered construction worker a written notice of any legally required certifications, trainings or other designations required to be completed or acquired by a covered construction worker either: 1. As a condition of hire by such construction labor provider; or 2. As a condition of performing any task performed by other workers hired for roles that are substantially similar to the one for which the covered construction worker was hired by such construction labor provider, or that such construction labor provider should otherwise reasonably anticipate such covered construction worker would be asked to perform if employed by such construction labor provider for at least one year. Such written notice shall be provided: (i) before such covered construction worker is asked to sign any employment contract with such provider or to otherwise agree to work for such provider, and (ii) anytime such requirements change, without undue delay. For any certification, training or other designation included on such notice, the construction labor provider shall disclose the expected cost of acquiring such certification, training or other designation, and whether such cost will be borne by such construction labor provider or such covered construction worker. c. Notice of assignment. 1. For contracts offered by a third party client more than 24 hours prior to the requested time of dispatch, at least 24 hours prior to dispatching a covered construction worker to a worksite for a third party client a construction labor provider shall provide the covered construction worker with a notice in writing containing the following information in a form and manner approved by the commissioner: (a) The name and business address of the third party client and any other entity responsible for supervising such covered construction worker’s work during the assignment; (b) The address of the worksite; (c) The nature of the work to be performed and the types of equipment and protective clothing required for the assignment; (d) The anticipated number of hours of work, per week, or if less than a week, by day; (e) The anticipated duration of the assignment; (f) The wages offered, including whether prevailing wages would be owed for work performed, and whether supplemental benefits, including but not limited to health insurance, retirement funds and insurance premiums, would be paid for by the construction labor provider, the third party client or another entity; (g) The name of the party responsible for providing workers’ compensation coverage for such covered construction worker and the insurance policy number covering such covered construction worker; and (h) Whether a meal or equipment, or both, are provided, either by the construction labor provider or the third party client, and the expected cost to the covered construction worker of the meal and equipment, if any. 2. For contracts offered by a third party client less than 24 hours prior to the requested time of dispatch, a construction labor provider shall provide a notice of assignment to a covered construction worker within 72 hours. Where such assignment is completed prior to 72 hours from the requested time of dispatch, no such notice is required. 3. If any of the information required to be provided by paragraph one of this subdivision changes, such construction labor provider shall update such covered construction worker in writing within 24 hours of such construction labor provider being informed of the change. d. Every construction labor provider shall provide to the third party client on each project for which covered construction workers have been contracted to work, and the owner of the property where work is being performed, as applicable, a copy of the information required by subdivisions a and c of this section, no later than seven days after the day on which such construction labor provider first dispatched a covered construction worker to a worksite for a third party client. Such construction labor provider shall additionally furnish such information upon such third party client’s request at any time for the duration of the project. The third party client shall provide written acknowledgment of receipt of such information. e. A construction labor provider shall notify, both by telephone and in writing, each covered construction worker it employs and each third party client with whom it has a contract within 24 hours of any denial, suspension or revocation of its license by the department. f. A construction labor provider shall notify each covered construction worker it employs and each third party client with whom it has a contract of all final violations or penalties issued against such construction labor provider by the department or the office of administrative trials and hearings for violations of this subchapter, within 90 days of such issuance. § 20-564.3 Records. Every construction labor provider shall keep on file in its principal place of business for a period of three years the following records: a. Statements signed by each covered construction worker, in the language identified by each covered construction worker as their primary language, indicating that the covered construction worker received, read and understood the notices required to be provided to them pursuant to section 20-564.2 of this subchapter; b. All records necessary to verify the information reported in sections 20-564.1 and 20-564.2 of this subchapter; and c. Such other records as the commissioner may prescribe by rule. All records required by this section or by the commissioner by rule shall be made available to the department electronically upon request, consistent with applicable law and in accordance with rules promulgated hereunder and with appropriate notice. § 20-564.4 Third party clients. It is unlawful for a third party client to accept the services of a covered construction worker provided by a construction labor provider that is not licensed pursuant to this subchapter, if the provision of such services by such construction labor provider would require such a license. A construction labor provider shall provide each of its third party clients with a copy of their license issued by the department upon such client’s request. If a third party client accepts the services of a construction labor provider who is not licensed but demonstrates the receipt of information from the construction labor provider or the department that inaccurately represents such provider as licensed, such client shall be held harmless. Each violation of this section shall subject a third party client to a civil penalty not to exceed $500. Each day during which a third party client accepts the services of a covered construction worker in violation of this section shall constitute a separate and distinct offense. § 20-564.5 Enforcement. a. Any person operating as a construction labor provider without a license issued by the commissioner pursuant to this subchapter shall be liable for a civil penalty of $500 per day for every calendar day during which the unlicensed construction labor provider operated. A construction labor provider that violates section 20-564.2 or any rule promulgated thereunder shall be liable for a civil penalty of $250 for a first violation, and $500 for each subsequent violation within one year of the first violation. Each covered construction worker or third party client for whom the construction labor provider did not provide a notification in accordance with such section shall constitute a separate and distinct offense. Such penalties shall be in addition to any other civil or criminal penalties that may be applicable under any other law, rule or regulation. b. Any action or proceeding that may be appropriate or necessary for the correction of any violation issued pursuant to this subchapter, including, but not limited to, actions to secure permanent injunctions, enjoining any acts or practices which constitute such violation, mandating compliance with the provisions of this subchapter, seeking civil penalties for violations of this subchapter, or such other relief as may be appropriate, may be initiated in any court of competent jurisdiction by the corporation counsel or such other persons designated by the corporation counsel. § 20-564.6 Private right of action. Any covered construction worker who is aggrieved by a violation of this subchapter may commence an action in a court of competent jurisdiction on their own behalf against a construction labor provider. For each violation of section 20-564.2, the covered construction worker may recover damages of $500. If such violation of 20-564.2 was committed with intent or recklessness, the covered construction worker may recover damages of $1,000. Any person who is a victim of retaliation shall be entitled to all relief necessary to make such person whole, including, but not limited to: (i) an injunction to restrain any adverse or retaliatory action; (ii) reinstatement to the position such officer or employee would have had but for such action, or to an equivalent position; and (iii) reinstatement of full benefits and seniority rights including payment of any missed back pay, plus interest. Persons aggrieved by a violation of section 20-564.2 or by retaliation shall be entitled to compensation for any special damages sustained as a result of an action commenced pursuant to this section, including litigation costs and reasonable attorneys' fees; and to relief other than set forth in this section as the court may deem appropriate. § 2. Any applicant for a construction labor provider license pursuant to this local law that is engaging in business as a construction labor provider on the date this local law is enacted shall provide the information required in paragraph 3 of subdivision c of section 20-564.1 as part of their initial application for such license. For information that such paragraph requires to be provided with respect to "the preceding licensing term," such construction labor provider shall instead provide such information for the time period from the date this local law is enacted until the date the application for the initial license is submitted. § 3. Section 1 of this local law takes effect 180 days after it becomes law. Section 2 of this local law takes effect immediately. SJ LS #17096 11/1/21 7:39 PM Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text) Details Details Details Details Reports Reports Reports Reports File #: File #: Int 2318-2021 Version: * A Int 2318-2021 Version: Name: Name: Licensing of construction labor providers. Licensing of construction labor providers. Type: Type: Introduction Introduction Status: Status: Enacted Enacted   Committee: Committee: Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing On agenda: On agenda: 5/27/2021 5/27/2021   Enactment date: Enactment date: 12/11/2021 12/11/2021 Law number: Law number: 2021/150 2021/150 Title: Title: A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to the licensing of construction labor providers A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to the licensing of construction labor providers Sponsors: Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Justin L. Brannan , Francisco P. Moya , Margaret S. Chin , Vanessa L. Gibson , Ben Kallos , Helen K. Rosenthal , Rafael Salamanca, Jr. , I. Daneek Miller , Brad S. Lander , Carlos Menchaca , Carlina Rivera , Keith Powers , Kevin C. Riley , Eric Dinowitz , Mark Levine , Karen Koslowitz , Antonio Reynoso , Adrienne E. Adams , Robert F. Holden , Stephen T. Levin , Oswald Feliz , Laurie A. Cumbo , Farah N. Louis , Alicka Ampry-Samuel , Robert E. Cornegy, Jr. , Selvena N. Brooks-Powers , Paul A. Vallone , Daniel Dromm , James G. Van Bramer , Inez D. Barron Diana I. Ayala , Justin L. Brannan , Francisco P. Moya , Margaret S. Chin , Vanessa L. Gibson , Ben Kallos , Helen K. Rosenthal , Rafael Salamanca, Jr. , I. Daneek Miller , Brad S. Lander , Carlos Menchaca , Carlina Rivera , Keith Powers , Kevin C. Riley , Eric Dinowitz , Mark Levine , Karen Koslowitz , Antonio Reynoso , Adrienne E. Adams , Robert F. Holden , Stephen T. Levin , Oswald Feliz , Laurie A. Cumbo , Farah N. Louis , Alicka Ampry-Samuel , Robert E. Cornegy, Jr. , Selvena N. Brooks-Powers , Paul A. Vallone , Daniel Dromm , James G. Van Bramer , Inez D. Barron Council Member Sponsors: Council Member Sponsors: 31 31 Summary: Summary: This bill would require certain businesses that supply their employees to clients for the performance of construction work or manual labor on the client’s construction site, in exchange for compensation, to be licensed. The term “construction” in this bill explicitly excludes handyman work.  Applying for a license would require certain signed statements and select information on business operations, and each covered business would have to supply their workers with a series of notices: on their rights as workers covered by this bill; training and certifications the employees would need to perform their work duties; and information on the employees’ work assignments. The businesses’ clients would also receive some of these notices, and these clients could be subject to civil penalties if they use the services of an unlicensed business that is required to be licensed by this bill. Businesses that violate the bill’s subchapter would also be subject to penalties. 
Employees of the businesses aggrieved by a violation of the bill’s subchapter would be able to initiate a private right of action against their employers for violations of the bill, including for retaliation against employees for availing themselves of rights provided by this bill. This bill would require certain businesses that supply their employees to clients for the performance of construction work or manual labor on the client’s construction site, in exchange for compensation, to be licensed. The term “construction” in this bill explicitly excludes handyman work.  Applying for a license would require certain signed statements and select information on business operations, and each covered business would have to supply their workers with a series of notices: on their rights as workers covered by this bill; training and certifications the employees would need to perform their work duties; and information on the employees’ work assignments. The businesses’ clients would also receive some of these notices, and these clients could be subject to civil penalties if they use the services of an unlicensed business that is required to be licensed by this bill. Businesses that violate the bill’s subchapter would also be subject to penalties. 
Employees of the businesses aggrieved by a violation of the bill’s subchapter would be able to initiate a private right of action against their employers for violations of the bill, including for retaliation against employees for availing themselves of rights provided by this bill. Indexes: Indexes: Agency Rule-making Required Agency Rule-making Required Attachments: Attachments: 1. Summary of Int. No. 2318-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 2318 , 3. Int. No. 2318 , 4. May 27, 2021 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 5-27-21 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - May 27, 2021 , 7. Committee Report 9/15/21 , 8. Hearing Testimony 9/15/21 , 9. Hearing Transcript 9/15/21 , 10. Proposed Int. No. 2318-A - 11/3/21 , 11. Committee Report 11/10/21 , 12. Hearing Transcript 11/10/21 , 13. Committee Report - Stated Meeting , 14. November 10, 2021 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 15. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 11-10-21 , 16. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - November 10, 2021 , 17. Int. No. 2318-A (FINAL) , 18. Fiscal Impact Statement , 19. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor , 20. Local Law 150 1. Summary of Int. No. 2318-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 2318 , 3. Int. No. 2318 , 4. May 27, 2021 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 5-27-21 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - May 27, 2021 , 7. Committee Report 9/15/21 , 8. Hearing Testimony 9/15/21 , 9. Hearing Transcript 9/15/21 , 10. Proposed Int. No. 2318-A - 11/3/21 , 11. Committee Report 11/10/21 , 12. Hearing Transcript 11/10/21 , 13. Committee Report - Stated Meeting , 14. November 10, 2021 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 15. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 11-10-21 , 16. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - November 10, 2021 , 17. Int. No. 2318-A (FINAL) , 18. Fiscal Impact Statement , 19. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor , 20. Local Law 150 History (12) History (12) History (12) History (12) Text Text Text Text 12 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 12 records 12 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Date Group by Action By Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 12/13/2021 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Returned Unsigned by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 12/11/2021 A Diana I. Ayala Administration City Charter Rule Adopted Action details Meeting details Not available 11/10/2021 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 11/10/2021 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 11/10/2021 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 11/10/2021 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 11/10/2021 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing Amended by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 11/10/2021 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 9/15/2021 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 9/15/2021 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 5/27/2021 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 5/27/2021 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 12/13/2021 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Returned Unsigned by Mayor  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 12/11/2021 A Diana I. Ayala Administration City Charter Rule Adopted  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 11/10/2021 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 11/10/2021 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 11/10/2021 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 11/10/2021 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 11/10/2021 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing Amended by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 11/10/2021 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 9/15/2021 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 9/15/2021 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing Laid Over by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 5/27/2021 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 5/27/2021 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available Int. No. 2318-A Int. No. 2318-A   By Council Members Ayala, Brannan, Moya, Chin, Gibson, Kallos, Rosenthal, Salamanca, Miller, Lander, Menchaca, Rivera, Powers, Riley, Dinowitz, Levine, Koslowitz, Reynoso, Adams, Holden, Levin, Feliz, Cumbo, Louis, Ampry-Samuel, Cornegy, Brooks-Powers, Vallone, Dromm, Van Bramer and Barron By Council Members Ayala, Brannan, Moya, Chin, Gibson, Kallos, Rosenthal, Salamanca, Miller, Lander, Menchaca, Rivera, Powers, Riley, Dinowitz, Levine, Koslowitz, Reynoso, Adams, Holden, Levin, Feliz, Cumbo, Louis, Ampry-Samuel, Cornegy, Brooks-Powers, Vallone, Dromm, Van Bramer and Barron   A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to the licensing of construction labor providers A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to the licensing of construction labor providers   Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Be it enacted by the Council as follows:   Section 1. Chapter 2 of title 20 of the administrative code of the city of New York is amended by adding a new subchapter 37 to read as follows: Section 1. Chapter 2 of title 20 of the administrative code of the city of New York is amended by adding a new subchapter 37 to read as follows: SUBCHAPTER 37 SUBCHAPTER 37 CONSTRUCTION LABOR PROVIDERS CONSTRUCTION LABOR PROVIDERS § 20-564 Definitions. For purposes of this subchapter, the following terms have the following meanings: § 20-564 Definitions. For purposes of this subchapter, the following terms have the following meanings: Construction. The term “construction” has the same meaning as defined in section 3302.1 of the New York city building code and does not include minor alterations and ordinary repairs, as defined in section 28-105.4.2.1 of such code. Construction. The term “construction” has the same meaning as defined in section 3302.1 of the New York city building code and does not include minor alterations and ordinary repairs, as defined in section 28-105.4.2.1 of such code. Construction labor provider. The term "construction labor provider" means a person who employs and supplies a covered construction worker to a third party client for the performance of construction work or manual labor for a construction project of such client on a site in the city, in exchange for compensation from such third party client, provided that the completion of such project is directed by such client or such client’s contractor and not such person. The term “construction labor provider” does not mean: Construction labor provider. The term "construction labor provider" means a person who employs and supplies a covered construction worker to a third party client for the performance of construction work or manual labor for a construction project of such client on a site in the city, in exchange for compensation from such third party client, provided that the completion of such project is directed by such client or such client’s contractor and not such person. The term “construction labor provider” does not mean: 1. An employment agency or an employee fee paid employment agency, as defined by article 11 of the general business law; 1. An employment agency or an employee fee paid employment agency, as defined by article 11 of the general business law; 2. A professional employer organization, as defined by article 31 of the labor law; 2. A professional employer organization, as defined by article 31 of the labor law; 3. A construction subcontractor that is responsible for and performs all of the following: (i) performing construction work on a project in accordance with a written contract for a defined scope of construction work at a fixed price; (ii) obtaining necessary licenses to perform construction services under the entity’s name; (iii) exclusively controlling the subcontractor’s workers, including having hiring and firing authority and direction of methods and means of construction work performed on the construction project; (iv) paying wages and fringe benefits to workers by the subcontractor and not any other person or entity, and maintaining required employment and payroll records by the subcontractor; (v) purchasing the majority of materials, supplies and tools for construction work performed by the subcontractor on the project; and (vi) maintaining workers’ compensation and unemployment insurance coverage for periods preceding, during and succeeding the term of the construction project for the type and scope of construction work performed by the subcontractor on the project. The commissioner may promulgate rules requiring additional documentation to establish that an applicant is a construction subcontractor; or 3. A construction subcontractor that is responsible for and performs all of the following: (i) performing construction work on a project in accordance with a written contract for a defined scope of construction work at a fixed price; (ii) obtaining necessary licenses to perform construction services under the entity’s name; (iii) exclusively controlling the subcontractor’s workers, including having hiring and firing authority and direction of methods and means of construction work performed on the construction project; (iv) paying wages and fringe benefits to workers by the subcontractor and not any other person or entity, and maintaining required employment and payroll records by the subcontractor; (v) purchasing the majority of materials, supplies and tools for construction work performed by the subcontractor on the project; and (vi) maintaining workers’ compensation and unemployment insurance coverage for periods preceding, during and succeeding the term of the construction project for the type and scope of construction work performed by the subcontractor on the project. The commissioner may promulgate rules requiring additional documentation to establish that an applicant is a construction subcontractor; or 4. A general contractor, as defined in section 28-401.3. 4. A general contractor, as defined in section 28-401.3. Covered construction worker. The term “covered construction worker” means a person who is employed by a construction labor provider to perform construction work or manual labor on a construction site. Covered construction worker. The term “covered construction worker” means a person who is employed by a construction labor provider to perform construction work or manual labor on a construction site. Manual labor. The term “manual labor” means the type of physical work the performance of which classifies a natural person as a “manual worker” in accordance with section 190 of the labor law and the rules and regulations adopted thereunder. Manual labor. The term “manual labor” means the type of physical work the performance of which classifies a natural person as a “manual worker” in accordance with section 190 of the labor law and the rules and regulations adopted thereunder. Retaliation.  The term “retaliation” means any adverse employment action taken or threat to take adverse employment action by a construction labor provider against any person, or any action to directly or indirectly intimidate, threaten, coerce, command or influence or attempt to intimidate, threaten, coerce, command or influence any person because such person has taken an action to enforce, inquire about or inform others about the requirements of this subchapter. Retaliation.  The term “retaliation” means any adverse employment action taken or threat to take adverse employment action by a construction labor provider against any person, or any action to directly or indirectly intimidate, threaten, coerce, command or influence or attempt to intimidate, threaten, coerce, command or influence any person because such person has taken an action to enforce, inquire about or inform others about the requirements of this subchapter. Successor. The term “successor” means a construction labor provider that does or has done two or more of the following: Successor. The term “successor” means a construction labor provider that does or has done two or more of the following: a. Uses the same facility, facilities or workforce to offer substantially the same services as a predecessor construction labor provider; a. Uses the same facility, facilities or workforce to offer substantially the same services as a predecessor construction labor provider; b. Shared in the ownership, or otherwise exercised control over, the management of a predecessor construction labor provider; b. Shared in the ownership, or otherwise exercised control over, the management of a predecessor construction labor provider; c. Employs in a managerial capacity any person who controlled the wages, hours, or working conditions of the affected employees of a predecessor construction labor provider; or c. Employs in a managerial capacity any person who controlled the wages, hours, or working conditions of the affected employees of a predecessor construction labor provider; or d. Is an immediate family member, including a parent, step-parent, child, or step, foster or adopted child, of any owner, partner, officer, or director of a predecessor construction labor provider, or of any person who had a financial interest in the predecessor construction labor provider. d. Is an immediate family member, including a parent, step-parent, child, or step, foster or adopted child, of any owner, partner, officer, or director of a predecessor construction labor provider, or of any person who had a financial interest in the predecessor construction labor provider. Third party client. The term “third party client" means any person who contracts with a construction labor provider to obtain the services of a covered construction worker for construction work or manual labor at a construction site in the city. Third party client. The term “third party client" means any person who contracts with a construction labor provider to obtain the services of a covered construction worker for construction work or manual labor at a construction site in the city. § 20-564.1 License. a. It shall be unlawful for any person to engage in business as a construction labor provider without first having obtained a license from the department pursuant to this subchapter. Licenses issued pursuant to this subchapter shall be valid for no more than two years and expire on a date the commissioner prescribes by rule. A license to operate as a construction labor provider shall be granted in accordance with the provisions of this subchapter and any rules promulgated by the commissioner thereunder. § 20-564.1 License. a. It shall be unlawful for any person to engage in business as a construction labor provider without first having obtained a license from the department pursuant to this subchapter. Licenses issued pursuant to this subchapter shall be valid for no more than two years and expire on a date the commissioner prescribes by rule. A license to operate as a construction labor provider shall be granted in accordance with the provisions of this subchapter and any rules promulgated by the commissioner thereunder. b. There shall be a fee of $200 to apply for or renew a license issued under this subchapter. b. There shall be a fee of $200 to apply for or renew a license issued under this subchapter. c. In addition to an applicant's name, address, email address, corporate structure and ownership, the names of each principal and officer, and other information as the commissioner may require, an applicant for a license required by this section or renewal thereof shall furnish the following information: c. In addition to an applicant's name, address, email address, corporate structure and ownership, the names of each principal and officer, and other information as the commissioner may require, an applicant for a license required by this section or renewal thereof shall furnish the following information: 1. If the applicant is a non-resident of the city, the name and address of a registered agent within the city upon whom process or other notifications may be served. 1. If the applicant is a non-resident of the city, the name and address of a registered agent within the city upon whom process or other notifications may be served. 2. A signed statement certifying: 2. A signed statement certifying: (a) Compliance with all laws, regulations and rules applicable to doing business as a construction labor provider; (a) Compliance with all laws, regulations and rules applicable to doing business as a construction labor provider; (b) That the applicant has no outstanding final judgments or warrants against the applicant in any action arising out of a violation of this subchapter or any rules promulgated thereunder; (b) That the applicant has no outstanding final judgments or warrants against the applicant in any action arising out of a violation of this subchapter or any rules promulgated thereunder; (c) That the applicant maintains a commercial general liability insurance policy in the amount of one million dollars per occurrence and two million dollars in the aggregate; and (c) That the applicant maintains a commercial general liability insurance policy in the amount of one million dollars per occurrence and two million dollars in the aggregate; and (d) That the applicant maintains workers' compensation coverage, unemployment insurance, and disability insurance for covered construction workers employed by such applicant, in compliance with law; (d) That the applicant maintains workers' compensation coverage, unemployment insurance, and disability insurance for covered construction workers employed by such applicant, in compliance with law; 3. For the renewal of such license, the following information on business operations: 3. For the renewal of such license, the following information on business operations: (a) The total number of covered construction workers employed during the preceding license term; (a) The total number of covered construction workers employed during the preceding license term; (b) The average hourly rate of wage paid to covered construction workers, as of the date of application, disaggregated by workers’ compensation classification code; (b) The average hourly rate of wage paid to covered construction workers, as of the date of application, disaggregated by workers’ compensation classification code; (c) Types and hourly value of supplemental benefits paid to covered construction workers, as of the date of application, disaggregated by workers’ compensation classification code; (c) Types and hourly value of supplemental benefits paid to covered construction workers, as of the date of application, disaggregated by workers’ compensation classification code; (d) The name of each third party client during the preceding license term; and (d) The name of each third party client during the preceding license term; and (e) The address of each site where covered construction workers worked during the preceding license term, disaggregated by third party client for whom the work was performed. (e) The address of each site where covered construction workers worked during the preceding license term, disaggregated by third party client for whom the work was performed. d. Denial, renewal, suspension and revocation of license. In addition to any powers of the commissioner and not in limitation thereof, the commissioner may deny or refuse to renew any license required under this subchapter and may suspend or revoke any such license, after due notice and opportunity to be heard, if it is found that: d. Denial, renewal, suspension and revocation of license. In addition to any powers of the commissioner and not in limitation thereof, the commissioner may deny or refuse to renew any license required under this subchapter and may suspend or revoke any such license, after due notice and opportunity to be heard, if it is found that: 1. The applicant has failed to satisfy any fine or civil penalty ordered against such applicant in a judicial or administrative proceeding arising out of a violation of this subchapter or chapter one of this title or any rules promulgated thereunder; 1. The applicant has failed to satisfy any fine or civil penalty ordered against such applicant in a judicial or administrative proceeding arising out of a violation of this subchapter or chapter one of this title or any rules promulgated thereunder; 2. An entity to which the applicant is a successor has failed to satisfy any fine or civil penalty ordered against such entity in a judicial or administrative proceeding arising out of a violation of this subchapter or chapter one of this title or any rules promulgated thereunder; 2. An entity to which the applicant is a successor has failed to satisfy any fine or civil penalty ordered against such entity in a judicial or administrative proceeding arising out of a violation of this subchapter or chapter one of this title or any rules promulgated thereunder; 3. The applicant failed to answer a summons, notice of violation, request for records, or subpoena, appear for a hearing, or provide truthful information or documentation to the commissioner in connection with the application or other request for information; 3. The applicant failed to answer a summons, notice of violation, request for records, or subpoena, appear for a hearing, or provide truthful information or documentation to the commissioner in connection with the application or other request for information; 4. The applicant or an entity to which the applicant is a successor committed two or more violations of any provision of this subchapter, chapter one of this title, chapter five of title twenty of this code, or any rules promulgated thereunder in the preceding two years; 4. The applicant or an entity to which the applicant is a successor committed two or more violations of any provision of this subchapter, chapter one of this title, chapter five of title twenty of this code, or any rules promulgated thereunder in the preceding two years; 5. There has been a final determination of liability against the applicant in a civil, criminal or administrative action involving egregious or repeated nonpayment or underpayment of wages or other illegal acts or omissions bearing a direct relationship to the fitness of the applicant to conduct the business; or 5. There has been a final determination of liability against the applicant in a civil, criminal or administrative action involving egregious or repeated nonpayment or underpayment of wages or other illegal acts or omissions bearing a direct relationship to the fitness of the applicant to conduct the business; or 6. The applicant failed to submit the records described in section 20-564.4 for inspection by the department. 6. The applicant failed to submit the records described in section 20-564.4 for inspection by the department. § 20-564.2 Employee notices. a. Notice of rights. Every construction labor provider shall provide to each covered construction worker, in English and in the language identified by each covered construction worker as the primary language of such worker, at the time of hiring, a written notice of the rights of covered construction workers prepared and provided by the commissioner. Such notice shall include information on minimum wage, overtime, safe and sick leave, health and safety in the workplace, protections against employment discrimination, unemployment insurance, workers' compensation, and the rights to notices and to be free from retaliation under this subchapter. § 20-564.2 Employee notices. a. Notice of rights. Every construction labor provider shall provide to each covered construction worker, in English and in the language identified by each covered construction worker as the primary language of such worker, at the time of hiring, a written notice of the rights of covered construction workers prepared and provided by the commissioner. Such notice shall include information on minimum wage, overtime, safe and sick leave, health and safety in the workplace, protections against employment discrimination, unemployment insurance, workers' compensation, and the rights to notices and to be free from retaliation under this subchapter. b. Certification notice. Every construction labor provider shall provide to each applicant for employment as a covered construction worker a written notice of any legally required certifications, trainings or other designations required to be completed or acquired by a covered construction worker either: b. Certification notice. Every construction labor provider shall provide to each applicant for employment as a covered construction worker a written notice of any legally required certifications, trainings or other designations required to be completed or acquired by a covered construction worker either: 1. As a condition of hire by such construction labor provider; or 1. As a condition of hire by such construction labor provider; or 2. As a condition of performing any task performed by other workers hired for roles that are substantially similar to the one for which the covered construction worker was hired by such construction labor provider, or that such construction labor provider should otherwise reasonably anticipate such covered construction worker would be asked to perform if employed by such construction labor provider for at least one year. 2. As a condition of performing any task performed by other workers hired for roles that are substantially similar to the one for which the covered construction worker was hired by such construction labor provider, or that such construction labor provider should otherwise reasonably anticipate such covered construction worker would be asked to perform if employed by such construction labor provider for at least one year. Such written notice shall be provided: (i) before such covered construction worker is asked to sign any employment contract with such provider or to otherwise agree to work for such provider, and (ii) anytime such requirements change, without undue delay. For any certification, training or other designation included on such notice, the construction labor provider shall disclose the expected cost of acquiring such certification, training or other designation, and whether such cost will be borne by such construction labor provider or such covered construction worker. Such written notice shall be provided: (i) before such covered construction worker is asked to sign any employment contract with such provider or to otherwise agree to work for such provider, and (ii) anytime such requirements change, without undue delay. For any certification, training or other designation included on such notice, the construction labor provider shall disclose the expected cost of acquiring such certification, training or other designation, and whether such cost will be borne by such construction labor provider or such covered construction worker. c. Notice of assignment. 1. For contracts offered by a third party client more than 24 hours prior to the requested time of dispatch, at least 24 hours prior to dispatching a covered construction worker to a worksite for a third party client a construction labor provider shall provide the covered construction worker with a notice in writing containing the following information in a form and manner approved by the commissioner: c. Notice of assignment. 1. For contracts offered by a third party client more than 24 hours prior to the requested time of dispatch, at least 24 hours prior to dispatching a covered construction worker to a worksite for a third party client a construction labor provider shall provide the covered construction worker with a notice in writing containing the following information in a form and manner approved by the commissioner: (a) The name and business address of the third party client and any other entity responsible for supervising such covered construction worker’s work during the assignment; (a) The name and business address of the third party client and any other entity responsible for supervising such covered construction worker’s work during the assignment; (b) The address of the worksite; (b) The address of the worksite; (c) The nature of the work to be performed and the types of equipment and protective clothing required for the assignment; (c) The nature of the work to be performed and the types of equipment and protective clothing required for the assignment; (d) The anticipated number of hours of work, per week, or if less than a week, by day; (d) The anticipated number of hours of work, per week, or if less than a week, by day; (e) The anticipated duration of the assignment; (e) The anticipated duration of the assignment; (f) The wages offered, including whether prevailing wages would be owed for work performed, and whether supplemental benefits, including but not limited to health insurance, retirement funds and insurance premiums, would be paid for by the construction labor provider, the third party client or another entity; (f) The wages offered, including whether prevailing wages would be owed for work performed, and whether supplemental benefits, including but not limited to health insurance, retirement funds and insurance premiums, would be paid for by the construction labor provider, the third party client or another entity; (g) The name of the party responsible for providing workers’ compensation coverage for such covered construction worker and the insurance policy number covering such covered construction worker; and (g) The name of the party responsible for providing workers’ compensation coverage for such covered construction worker and the insurance policy number covering such covered construction worker; and (h) Whether a meal or equipment, or both, are provided, either by the construction labor provider or the third party client, and the expected cost to the covered construction worker of the meal and equipment, if any. (h) Whether a meal or equipment, or both, are provided, either by the construction labor provider or the third party client, and the expected cost to the covered construction worker of the meal and equipment, if any. 2. For contracts offered by a third party client less than 24 hours prior to the requested time of dispatch, a construction labor provider shall provide a notice of assignment to a covered construction worker within 72 hours. Where such assignment is completed prior to 72 hours from the requested time of dispatch, no such notice is required. 2. For contracts offered by a third party client less than 24 hours prior to the requested time of dispatch, a construction labor provider shall provide a notice of assignment to a covered construction worker within 72 hours. Where such assignment is completed prior to 72 hours from the requested time of dispatch, no such notice is required. 3. If any of the information required to be provided by paragraph one of this subdivision changes, such construction labor provider shall update such covered construction worker in writing within 24 hours of such construction labor provider being informed of the change. 3. If any of the information required to be provided by paragraph one of this subdivision changes, such construction labor provider shall update such covered construction worker in writing within 24 hours of such construction labor provider being informed of the change. d. Every construction labor provider shall provide to the third party client on each project for which covered construction workers have been contracted to work, and the owner of the property where work is being performed, as applicable, a copy of the information required by subdivisions a and c of this section, no later than seven days after the day on which such construction labor provider first dispatched a covered construction worker to a worksite for a third party client. Such construction labor provider shall additionally furnish such information upon such third party client’s request at any time for the duration of the project. The third party client shall provide written acknowledgment of receipt of such information. d. Every construction labor provider shall provide to the third party client on each project for which covered construction workers have been contracted to work, and the owner of the property where work is being performed, as applicable, a copy of the information required by subdivisions a and c of this section, no later than seven days after the day on which such construction labor provider first dispatched a covered construction worker to a worksite for a third party client. Such construction labor provider shall additionally furnish such information upon such third party client’s request at any time for the duration of the project. The third party client shall provide written acknowledgment of receipt of such information. e. A construction labor provider shall notify, both by telephone and in writing, each covered construction worker it employs and each third party client with whom it has a contract within 24 hours of any denial, suspension or revocation of its license by the department. e. A construction labor provider shall notify, both by telephone and in writing, each covered construction worker it employs and each third party client with whom it has a contract within 24 hours of any denial, suspension or revocation of its license by the department. f. A construction labor provider shall notify each covered construction worker it employs and each third party client with whom it has a contract of all final violations or penalties issued against such construction labor provider by the department or the office of administrative trials and hearings for violations of this subchapter, within 90 days of such issuance. f. A construction labor provider shall notify each covered construction worker it employs and each third party client with whom it has a contract of all final violations or penalties issued against such construction labor provider by the department or the office of administrative trials and hearings for violations of this subchapter, within 90 days of such issuance. § 20-564.3 Records. Every construction labor provider shall keep on file in its principal place of business for a period of three years the following records: § 20-564.3 Records. Every construction labor provider shall keep on file in its principal place of business for a period of three years the following records: a. Statements signed by each covered construction worker, in the language identified by each covered construction worker as their primary language, indicating that the covered construction worker received, read and understood the notices required to be provided to them pursuant to section 20-564.2 of this subchapter; a. Statements signed by each covered construction worker, in the language identified by each covered construction worker as their primary language, indicating that the covered construction worker received, read and understood the notices required to be provided to them pursuant to section 20-564.2 of this subchapter; b. All records necessary to verify the information reported in sections 20-564.1 and 20-564.2 of this subchapter; and b. All records necessary to verify the information reported in sections 20-564.1 and 20-564.2 of this subchapter; and c. Such other records as the commissioner may prescribe by rule. c. Such other records as the commissioner may prescribe by rule. All records required by this section or by the commissioner by rule shall be made available to the department electronically upon request, consistent with applicable law and in accordance with rules promulgated hereunder and with appropriate notice. All records required by this section or by the commissioner by rule shall be made available to the department electronically upon request, consistent with applicable law and in accordance with rules promulgated hereunder and with appropriate notice. § 20-564.4 Third party clients. It is unlawful for a third party client to accept the services of a covered construction worker provided by a construction labor provider that is not licensed pursuant to this subchapter, if the provision of such services by such construction labor provider would require such a license. A construction labor provider shall provide each of its third party clients with a copy of their license issued by the department upon such client’s request. If a third party client accepts the services of a construction labor provider who is not licensed but demonstrates the receipt of information from the construction labor provider or the department that inaccurately represents such provider as licensed, such client shall be held harmless. Each violation of this section shall subject a third party client to a civil penalty not to exceed $500. Each day during which a third party client accepts the services of a covered construction worker in violation of this section shall constitute a separate and distinct offense. § 20-564.4 Third party clients. It is unlawful for a third party client to accept the services of a covered construction worker provided by a construction labor provider that is not licensed pursuant to this subchapter, if the provision of such services by such construction labor provider would require such a license. A construction labor provider shall provide each of its third party clients with a copy of their license issued by the department upon such client’s request. If a third party client accepts the services of a construction labor provider who is not licensed but demonstrates the receipt of information from the construction labor provider or the department that inaccurately represents such provider as licensed, such client shall be held harmless. Each violation of this section shall subject a third party client to a civil penalty not to exceed $500. Each day during which a third party client accepts the services of a covered construction worker in violation of this section shall constitute a separate and distinct offense. § 20-564.5 Enforcement. a. Any person operating as a construction labor provider without a license issued by the commissioner pursuant to this subchapter shall be liable for a civil penalty of $500 per day for every calendar day during which the unlicensed construction labor provider operated. A construction labor provider that violates section 20-564.2 or any rule promulgated thereunder shall be liable for a civil penalty of $250 for a first violation, and $500 for each subsequent violation within one year of the first violation. Each covered construction worker or third party client for whom the construction labor provider did not provide a notification in accordance with such section shall constitute a separate and distinct offense. Such penalties shall be in addition to any other civil or criminal penalties that may be applicable under any other law, rule or regulation. § 20-564.5 Enforcement. a. Any person operating as a construction labor provider without a license issued by the commissioner pursuant to this subchapter shall be liable for a civil penalty of $500 per day for every calendar day during which the unlicensed construction labor provider operated. A construction labor provider that violates section 20-564.2 or any rule promulgated thereunder shall be liable for a civil penalty of $250 for a first violation, and $500 for each subsequent violation within one year of the first violation. Each covered construction worker or third party client for whom the construction labor provider did not provide a notification in accordance with such section shall constitute a separate and distinct offense. Such penalties shall be in addition to any other civil or criminal penalties that may be applicable under any other law, rule or regulation. b. Any action or proceeding that may be appropriate or necessary for the correction of any violation issued pursuant to this subchapter, including, but not limited to, actions to secure permanent injunctions, enjoining any acts or practices which constitute such violation, mandating compliance with the provisions of this subchapter, seeking civil penalties for violations of this subchapter, or such other relief as may be appropriate, may be initiated in any court of competent jurisdiction by the corporation counsel or such other persons designated by the corporation counsel. b. Any action or proceeding that may be appropriate or necessary for the correction of any violation issued pursuant to this subchapter, including, but not limited to, actions to secure permanent injunctions, enjoining any acts or practices which constitute such violation, mandating compliance with the provisions of this subchapter, seeking civil penalties for violations of this subchapter, or such other relief as may be appropriate, may be initiated in any court of competent jurisdiction by the corporation counsel or such other persons designated by the corporation counsel. § 20-564.6 Private right of action. Any covered construction worker who is aggrieved by a violation of this subchapter may commence an action in a court of competent jurisdiction on their own behalf against a construction labor provider. For each violation of section 20-564.2, the covered construction worker may recover damages of $500. If such violation of 20-564.2 was committed with intent or recklessness, the covered construction worker may recover damages of $1,000. Any person who is a victim of retaliation shall be entitled to all relief necessary to make such person whole, including, but not limited to: (i) an injunction to restrain any adverse or retaliatory action; (ii) reinstatement to the position such officer or employee would have had but for such action, or to an equivalent position; and (iii) reinstatement of full benefits and seniority rights including payment of any missed back pay, plus interest. Persons aggrieved by a violation of section 20-564.2 or by retaliation shall be entitled to compensation for any special damages sustained as a result of an action commenced pursuant to this section, including litigation costs and reasonable attorneys' fees; and to relief other than set forth in this section as the court may deem appropriate. § 20-564.6 Private right of action. Any covered construction worker who is aggrieved by a violation of this subchapter may commence an action in a court of competent jurisdiction on their own behalf against a construction labor provider. For each violation of section 20-564.2, the covered construction worker may recover damages of $500. If such violation of 20-564.2 was committed with intent or recklessness, the covered construction worker may recover damages of $1,000. Any person who is a victim of retaliation shall be entitled to all relief necessary to make such person whole, including, but not limited to: (i) an injunction to restrain any adverse or retaliatory action; (ii) reinstatement to the position such officer or employee would have had but for such action, or to an equivalent position; and (iii) reinstatement of full benefits and seniority rights including payment of any missed back pay, plus interest. Persons aggrieved by a violation of section 20-564.2 or by retaliation shall be entitled to compensation for any special damages sustained as a result of an action commenced pursuant to this section, including litigation costs and reasonable attorneys' fees; and to relief other than set forth in this section as the court may deem appropriate. § 2. Any applicant for a construction labor provider license pursuant to this local law that is engaging in business as a construction labor provider on the date this local law is enacted shall provide the information required in paragraph 3 of subdivision c of section 20-564.1 as part of their initial application for such license. For information that such paragraph requires to be provided with respect to "the preceding licensing term," such construction labor provider shall instead provide such information for the time period from the date this local law is enacted until the date the application for the initial license is submitted. § 2. Any applicant for a construction labor provider license pursuant to this local law that is engaging in business as a construction labor provider on the date this local law is enacted shall provide the information required in paragraph 3 of subdivision c of section 20-564.1 as part of their initial application for such license. For information that such paragraph requires to be provided with respect to "the preceding licensing term," such construction labor provider shall instead provide such information for the time period from the date this local law is enacted until the date the application for the initial license is submitted. § 3. Section 1 of this local law takes effect 180 days after it becomes law. Section 2 of this local law takes effect immediately. § 3. Section 1 of this local law takes effect 180 days after it becomes law. Section 2 of this local law takes effect immediately.               SJ SJ LS #17096 LS #17096 11/1/21 7:39 PM 11/1/21 7:39 PM     Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text)

--- 3rd Level Page: https://us18.campaign-archive.com/home/?u=c3d49ddaca2ed8f8f4fafeada&id=6fac1ac748 ---
Join Council Member Diana Ayala's Mailing List Email Campaign Archive 04/03/2025 - Deputy Speaker Ayala's Newsletter 03/25/2025 - Deputy Speaker Ayala's Newsletter 02/28/2025 - Deputy Speaker Ayala's Newsletter 02/01/2025 - Deputy Speaker Ayala's Newsletter 01/22/2025 - Deputy Speaker Ayala's Newsletter 07/26/2024 - The Latest from Deputy Speaker Ayala 07/08/2024 - Here's what we've been up to! 05/13/2024 - Deputy Speaker Ayala's Newsletter 04/29/2024 - Deputy Speaker Ayala's Newsletter 04/17/2024 - Deputy Speaker Ayala's Newsletter 04/01/2024 - Deputy Speaker Ayala's April 1st Newsletter 03/18/2024 - Deputy Speaker Ayala's Newsletter 02/26/2024 - Here's What We Have Been Up To! 02/05/2024 - See What We Have Been Up To! 01/22/2024 - Deputy Speaker Ayala's Newsletter 01/08/2024 - Here's What We Have Been Up To! 12/04/2023 - Here's what we've been up to! 08/08/2023 - Upcoming District 8 Events! 07/31/2023 - August Newsletter - Deputy Speaker Diana Ayala 07/17/2023 - July Newsletter - Council District 8

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/LegislationDetail.aspx?ID=5534183&GUID=F97BB849-5B26-4B63-A3E0-823394F8731C&Options=Advanced&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Reports File #: Int 0092-2022 Version: * A Name: Creation of an advisory board for accessibility at shelters. Type: Introduction Status: Enacted Committee: Committee on General Welfare On agenda: 3/24/2022 Enactment date: 2/21/2023 Law number: 2023/023 Title: A Local Law in relation to the creation of an advisory board for accessibility at shelters Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Sandra Ung , Althea V.  Stevens , Julie Won , Lincoln Restler , Sandy Nurse , Erik D. Bottcher , Amanda Farías , Lynn C. Schulman , Marjorie Velázquez , Linda Lee , Pierina Ana Sanchez , Shahana K. Hanif , Tiffany Cabán , Robert F. Holden , Justin L. Brannan , Alexa Avilés , Crystal Hudson , Nantasha M. Williams , Mercedes Narcisse , Eric Dinowitz , Carlina Rivera , James F. Gennaro Council Member Sponsors: 23 Summary: This bill would create an accessibility advisory board to advise the Mayor and the City Council on issues relating to accessibility for clients in City shelters. The advisory board would include individuals who live with disability and currently reside in a homeless shelter or have previously resided in a homeless shelter. The advisory board would meet at least quarterly. The bill would also require the advisory board to submit an annual report on its review and recommendations on an annual basis. Indexes: Other Appointment Required, Report Required, Sunset Date Applies Attachments: 1. Summary of Int. No. 92-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 92 , 3. Int. No. 92 , 4. March 24, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  3-24-22 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - March 24, 2022 , 7. Committee Report 9/13/22 , 8. Hearing Testimony 9/13/22 , 9. Hearing Transcript 9/13/22 , 10. Proposed Int. No. 92-A - 1/26/23 , 11. Committee Report 2/2/23 , 12. Hearing Transcript 2/2/23 , 13. February 2, 2023 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 14. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  2-2-23 , 15. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - February 2, 2023 , 16. Int. No. 92-A (FINAL) , 17. Fiscal Impact Statement , 18. Mayor's Letter , 19. Local Law 23 History (13) Text 13 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 2/21/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Recved from Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 2/21/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Mayor Signed Into Law by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 2/21/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Mayor Hearing Held by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 2/2/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 2/2/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 2/2/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 2/2/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 2/2/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Amended by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 2/2/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 9/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 9/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 3/24/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 3/24/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available Int. No. 92-A By Council Members Ayala, Ung, Stevens, Won, Restler, Nurse, Bottcher, Farías, Schulman, Velázquez, Lee, Sanchez, Hanif, Cabán, Holden, Brannan, Avilés, Hudson, Williams, Narcisse, Dinowitz, Rivera and Gennaro A Local Law in relation to the creation of an advisory board for accessibility at shelters Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Section 1. Shelter accessibility advisory board. a . Definitions. For purposes of this local law, the following terms have the following meanings: Department. The term “department” means the department of social services. Shelter. The term “shelter” means temporary emergency housing provided to homeless adults, adult families, and families with children by the department or a provider under contract or similar agreement with the department. b. There is hereby established an advisory board that shall identify and study common issues relating to the concerns and needs of shelter clients with disabilities; reasonable accommodation requests and complaints; and the physical conditions of shelters, and that shall make policy recommendations to the mayor, the council, and the department regarding access to and within shelters by such clients. c. The advisory board shall consist of 9 members, including the commissioner of the mayor’s office for people with disabilities or such commissioner’s designee; the commissioner of the department or such commissioner’s designee; and 7 public members, 4 of whom shall be appointed by the mayor and 3 of whom shall be appointed by the speaker of the council. The public members shall include at least 4 individuals with a disability who currently reside in a shelter or have previously resided in a shelter, and at least 2 individuals who specialize in working with individuals with a disability. d. The advisory board shall hold its first meeting no later than 30 days after the appointment of the final public member required by subdivision c of this local law, and at such meeting shall elect a chairperson. The advisory board shall meet at least quarterly and keep a record of its proceedings including, but not limited to, the meeting agenda, meeting minutes, any follow up items, a list of participants, and the date for the next scheduled meeting. The advisory board shall determine its own rules of procedure, except that special meetings may be called by the chairperson upon such chairperson’s initiative or upon receipt of a written request signed by at least 4 members of the advisory board. Written notice of the time and place of special meetings shall be given to each member at least 2 weeks before the date fixed by the notice for such special meeting. Records of each meeting of the advisory board shall be posted on the department’s website no later than 14 calendar days after each such meeting is held. e. No later than January 31, 2024, and annually on January 31 thereafter, the advisory board shall submit a report to the mayor, the speaker of the council, and the department including the results of its study and any recommendations required by this section. Such report shall also be posted on the department’s website. f. Advisory board members shall serve without compensation for their services as board members. g. Any vacancy on the advisory board shall be filled in the manner of the original appointment. § 2. This local law takes effect immediately and expires and is deemed repealed on February 1, 2034. Session 12 ACK LS #1813 1/25/2023 7:56pm Session 11 ACK LS #8597 Int #1560-2019 Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text) Details Details Details Details Reports Reports Reports Reports File #: File #: Int 0092-2022 Version: * A Int 0092-2022 Version: Name: Name: Creation of an advisory board for accessibility at shelters. Creation of an advisory board for accessibility at shelters. Type: Type: Introduction Introduction Status: Status: Enacted Enacted   Committee: Committee: Committee on General Welfare On agenda: On agenda: 3/24/2022 3/24/2022   Enactment date: Enactment date: 2/21/2023 2/21/2023 Law number: Law number: 2023/023 2023/023 Title: Title: A Local Law in relation to the creation of an advisory board for accessibility at shelters A Local Law in relation to the creation of an advisory board for accessibility at shelters Sponsors: Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Sandra Ung , Althea V.  Stevens , Julie Won , Lincoln Restler , Sandy Nurse , Erik D. Bottcher , Amanda Farías , Lynn C. Schulman , Marjorie Velázquez , Linda Lee , Pierina Ana Sanchez , Shahana K. Hanif , Tiffany Cabán , Robert F. Holden , Justin L. Brannan , Alexa Avilés , Crystal Hudson , Nantasha M. Williams , Mercedes Narcisse , Eric Dinowitz , Carlina Rivera , James F. Gennaro Diana I. Ayala , Sandra Ung , Althea V.  Stevens , Julie Won , Lincoln Restler , Sandy Nurse , Erik D. Bottcher , Amanda Farías , Lynn C. Schulman , Marjorie Velázquez , Linda Lee , Pierina Ana Sanchez , Shahana K. Hanif , Tiffany Cabán , Robert F. Holden , Justin L. Brannan , Alexa Avilés , Crystal Hudson , Nantasha M. Williams , Mercedes Narcisse , Eric Dinowitz , Carlina Rivera , James F. Gennaro Council Member Sponsors: Council Member Sponsors: 23 23 Summary: Summary: This bill would create an accessibility advisory board to advise the Mayor and the City Council on issues relating to accessibility for clients in City shelters. The advisory board would include individuals who live with disability and currently reside in a homeless shelter or have previously resided in a homeless shelter. The advisory board would meet at least quarterly. The bill would also require the advisory board to submit an annual report on its review and recommendations on an annual basis. This bill would create an accessibility advisory board to advise the Mayor and the City Council on issues relating to accessibility for clients in City shelters. The advisory board would include individuals who live with disability and currently reside in a homeless shelter or have previously resided in a homeless shelter. The advisory board would meet at least quarterly. The bill would also require the advisory board to submit an annual report on its review and recommendations on an annual basis. Indexes: Indexes: Other Appointment Required, Report Required, Sunset Date Applies Other Appointment Required, Report Required, Sunset Date Applies Attachments: Attachments: 1. Summary of Int. No. 92-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 92 , 3. Int. No. 92 , 4. March 24, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  3-24-22 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - March 24, 2022 , 7. Committee Report 9/13/22 , 8. Hearing Testimony 9/13/22 , 9. Hearing Transcript 9/13/22 , 10. Proposed Int. No. 92-A - 1/26/23 , 11. Committee Report 2/2/23 , 12. Hearing Transcript 2/2/23 , 13. February 2, 2023 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 14. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  2-2-23 , 15. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - February 2, 2023 , 16. Int. No. 92-A (FINAL) , 17. Fiscal Impact Statement , 18. Mayor's Letter , 19. Local Law 23 1. Summary of Int. No. 92-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 92 , 3. Int. No. 92 , 4. March 24, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  3-24-22 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - March 24, 2022 , 7. Committee Report 9/13/22 , 8. Hearing Testimony 9/13/22 , 9. Hearing Transcript 9/13/22 , 10. Proposed Int. No. 92-A - 1/26/23 , 11. Committee Report 2/2/23 , 12. Hearing Transcript 2/2/23 , 13. February 2, 2023 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 14. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  2-2-23 , 15. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - February 2, 2023 , 16. Int. No. 92-A (FINAL) , 17. Fiscal Impact Statement , 18. Mayor's Letter , 19. Local Law 23 History (13) History (13) History (13) History (13) Text Text Text Text 13 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 13 records 13 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Date Group by Action By Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 2/21/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Recved from Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 2/21/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Mayor Signed Into Law by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 2/21/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Mayor Hearing Held by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 2/2/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 2/2/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 2/2/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 2/2/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 2/2/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Amended by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 2/2/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 9/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 9/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 3/24/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 3/24/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 2/21/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Recved from Mayor by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 2/21/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Mayor Signed Into Law by Mayor  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 2/21/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Mayor Hearing Held by Mayor  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 2/2/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 2/2/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 2/2/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 2/2/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 2/2/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Amended by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 2/2/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 9/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 9/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Laid Over by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 3/24/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 3/24/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available Int. No. 92-A Int. No. 92-A   By Council Members Ayala, Ung, Stevens, Won, Restler, Nurse, Bottcher, Farías, Schulman, Velázquez, Lee, Sanchez, Hanif, Cabán, Holden, Brannan, Avilés, Hudson, Williams, Narcisse, Dinowitz, Rivera and Gennaro By Council Members Ayala, Ung, Stevens, Won, Restler, Nurse, Bottcher, Farías, Schulman, Velázquez, Lee, Sanchez, Hanif, Cabán, Holden, Brannan, Avilés, Hudson, Williams, Narcisse, Dinowitz, Rivera and Gennaro   A Local Law in relation to the creation of an advisory board for accessibility at shelters A Local Law in relation to the creation of an advisory board for accessibility at shelters   Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Be it enacted by the Council as follows:   Section 1. Shelter accessibility advisory board. a . Definitions. For purposes of this local law, the following terms have the following meanings: Section 1. Shelter accessibility advisory board. a . Definitions. For purposes of this local law, the following terms have the following meanings: Department. The term “department” means the department of social services. Department. The term “department” means the department of social services. Shelter. The term “shelter” means temporary emergency housing provided to homeless adults, adult families, and families with children by the department or a provider under contract or similar agreement with the department. Shelter. The term “shelter” means temporary emergency housing provided to homeless adults, adult families, and families with children by the department or a provider under contract or similar agreement with the department. b. There is hereby established an advisory board that shall identify and study common issues relating to the concerns and needs of shelter clients with disabilities; reasonable accommodation requests and complaints; and the physical conditions of shelters, and that shall make policy recommendations to the mayor, the council, and the department regarding access to and within shelters by such clients. b. There is hereby established an advisory board that shall identify and study common issues relating to the concerns and needs of shelter clients with disabilities; reasonable accommodation requests and complaints; and the physical conditions of shelters, and that shall make policy recommendations to the mayor, the council, and the department regarding access to and within shelters by such clients. c. The advisory board shall consist of 9 members, including the commissioner of the mayor’s office for people with disabilities or such commissioner’s designee; the commissioner of the department or such commissioner’s designee; and 7 public members, 4 of whom shall be appointed by the mayor and 3 of whom shall be appointed by the speaker of the council. The public members shall include at least 4 individuals with a disability who currently reside in a shelter or have previously resided in a shelter, and at least 2 individuals who specialize in working with individuals with a disability. c. The advisory board shall consist of 9 members, including the commissioner of the mayor’s office for people with disabilities or such commissioner’s designee; the commissioner of the department or such commissioner’s designee; and 7 public members, 4 of whom shall be appointed by the mayor and 3 of whom shall be appointed by the speaker of the council. The public members shall include at least 4 individuals with a disability who currently reside in a shelter or have previously resided in a shelter, and at least 2 individuals who specialize in working with individuals with a disability. d. The advisory board shall hold its first meeting no later than 30 days after the appointment of the final public member required by subdivision c of this local law, and at such meeting shall elect a chairperson. The advisory board shall meet at least quarterly and keep a record of its proceedings including, but not limited to, the meeting agenda, meeting minutes, any follow up items, a list of participants, and the date for the next scheduled meeting. The advisory board shall determine its own rules of procedure, except that special meetings may be called by the chairperson upon such chairperson’s initiative or upon receipt of a written request signed by at least 4 members of the advisory board. Written notice of the time and place of special meetings shall be given to each member at least 2 weeks before the date fixed by the notice for such special meeting. Records of each meeting of the advisory board shall be posted on the department’s website no later than 14 calendar days after each such meeting is held. d. The advisory board shall hold its first meeting no later than 30 days after the appointment of the final public member required by subdivision c of this local law, and at such meeting shall elect a chairperson. The advisory board shall meet at least quarterly and keep a record of its proceedings including, but not limited to, the meeting agenda, meeting minutes, any follow up items, a list of participants, and the date for the next scheduled meeting. The advisory board shall determine its own rules of procedure, except that special meetings may be called by the chairperson upon such chairperson’s initiative or upon receipt of a written request signed by at least 4 members of the advisory board. Written notice of the time and place of special meetings shall be given to each member at least 2 weeks before the date fixed by the notice for such special meeting. Records of each meeting of the advisory board shall be posted on the department’s website no later than 14 calendar days after each such meeting is held. e. No later than January 31, 2024, and annually on January 31 thereafter, the advisory board shall submit a report to the mayor, the speaker of the council, and the department including the results of its study and any recommendations required by this section. Such report shall also be posted on the department’s website. e. No later than January 31, 2024, and annually on January 31 thereafter, the advisory board shall submit a report to the mayor, the speaker of the council, and the department including the results of its study and any recommendations required by this section. Such report shall also be posted on the department’s website. f. Advisory board members shall serve without compensation for their services as board members. f. Advisory board members shall serve without compensation for their services as board members. g. Any vacancy on the advisory board shall be filled in the manner of the original appointment. g. Any vacancy on the advisory board shall be filled in the manner of the original appointment. § 2. This local law takes effect immediately and expires and is deemed repealed on February 1, 2034. § 2. This local law takes effect immediately and expires and is deemed repealed on February 1, 2034.       Session 12 Session 12 ACK ACK LS #1813 LS #1813 1/25/2023 7:56pm 1/25/2023 7:56pm   Session 11 Session 11 ACK ACK LS #8597 LS #8597 Int #1560-2019 Int #1560-2019 Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text)

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/LegislationDetail.aspx?ID=3921488&GUID=58A23CA5-C710-4020-81A8-886C1A0BD963&Options=Advanced&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Reports File #: Int 1514-2019 Version: * A Name: Requiring access to substance abuse treatment for transgender, gender non-conforming, non-binary, and intersex individuals. Type: Introduction Status: Enacted Committee: Committee on Criminal Justice On agenda: 4/18/2019 Enactment date: 7/27/2019 Law number: 2019/143 Title: A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to requiring access to substance abuse treatment for transgender, gender non-conforming, non-binary, and intersex individuals Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Helen K. Rosenthal , Ben Kallos , Margaret S. Chin , Carlina Rivera Council Member Sponsors: 5 Summary: This bill would require all department facilities housing transgender, gender non-conforming, non-binary, and intersex individuals to have access to comprehensive substance abuse treatment. Attachments: 1. Summary of Int. No. 1514-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 1514 , 3. Int. No. 1514 , 4. April 18, 2019 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 4-18-19 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - April 18, 2019 , 7. Committee Report 5/1/19 , 8. Hearing Testimony 5/1/19 , 9. Hearing Transcript 5/1/19 , 10. Proposed Int. No. 1514-A - 6/27/19 , 11. Committee Report 6/26/19 , 12. Hearing Transcript 6/26/19 , 13. June 26, 2019 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 14. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 6-26-19 , 15. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 26, 2019 , 16. Int. No. 1514-A (FINAL) , 17. Fiscal Impact Statement , 18. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor , 19. Local Law 143 History (12) Text 12 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 7/30/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Returned Unsigned by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 7/27/2019 A Diana I. Ayala Administration City Charter Rule Adopted Action details Meeting details Not available 6/26/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/26/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 6/26/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 6/26/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 6/26/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Amended by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 6/26/2019 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 5/1/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 5/1/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 4/18/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 4/18/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available Int. No. 1514-A By Council Members Ayala, Rosenthal, Kallos, Chin and Rivera A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to requiring access to substance abuse treatment for transgender, gender non-conforming, non-binary, and intersex individuals Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Section 1. Section 9-107 of the administrative code of the city of New York is amended to read as follows: § 9-107 Narcotics treatment program. a. [The commissioner of correction] Correctional health services, or any entity with which the department of correction or the department of health and mental hygiene contracts to provide healthcare for incarcerated individuals, shall establish a program for the treatment of [heroin addicts] substance abuse through the use of [methadone hydrochloride therapy] medication assisted treatment, including the administration of methadone, buprenorphine, and naltrexone. The program shall be available on a voluntary basis only to such [inmates] incarcerated individuals as apply, subject to a medical evaluation, before acceptance, of their need for such treatment. b. [The commissioner of correction shall provide for the continuance of such treatment by establishing parole procedures and after-care evaluation and implementation after the incarceration has terminated, during the period of parole.] The commissioner of correction shall ensure that any housing unit in which transgender, intersex, non-binary, or gender non-conforming individuals are housed has access to the same substance abuse treatment as other incarcerated individuals. Such treatment shall only be given voluntarily and based on the exercise of professional medical judgment of a medical provider following consultation between such medical provider and the incarcerated person. § 2. This local law takes effect 90 days after it becomes law. AS LS # 8248, 10,250 6/18/19 5:11 PM Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text) Details Details Details Details Reports Reports Reports Reports File #: File #: Int 1514-2019 Version: * A Int 1514-2019 Version: Name: Name: Requiring access to substance abuse treatment for transgender, gender non-conforming, non-binary, and intersex individuals. Requiring access to substance abuse treatment for transgender, gender non-conforming, non-binary, and intersex individuals. Type: Type: Introduction Introduction Status: Status: Enacted Enacted   Committee: Committee: Committee on Criminal Justice On agenda: On agenda: 4/18/2019 4/18/2019   Enactment date: Enactment date: 7/27/2019 7/27/2019 Law number: Law number: 2019/143 2019/143 Title: Title: A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to requiring access to substance abuse treatment for transgender, gender non-conforming, non-binary, and intersex individuals A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to requiring access to substance abuse treatment for transgender, gender non-conforming, non-binary, and intersex individuals Sponsors: Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Helen K. Rosenthal , Ben Kallos , Margaret S. Chin , Carlina Rivera Diana I. Ayala , Helen K. Rosenthal , Ben Kallos , Margaret S. Chin , Carlina Rivera Council Member Sponsors: Council Member Sponsors: 5 5 Summary: Summary: This bill would require all department facilities housing transgender, gender non-conforming, non-binary, and intersex individuals to have access to comprehensive substance abuse treatment. This bill would require all department facilities housing transgender, gender non-conforming, non-binary, and intersex individuals to have access to comprehensive substance abuse treatment. Attachments: Attachments: 1. Summary of Int. No. 1514-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 1514 , 3. Int. No. 1514 , 4. April 18, 2019 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 4-18-19 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - April 18, 2019 , 7. Committee Report 5/1/19 , 8. Hearing Testimony 5/1/19 , 9. Hearing Transcript 5/1/19 , 10. Proposed Int. No. 1514-A - 6/27/19 , 11. Committee Report 6/26/19 , 12. Hearing Transcript 6/26/19 , 13. June 26, 2019 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 14. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 6-26-19 , 15. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 26, 2019 , 16. Int. No. 1514-A (FINAL) , 17. Fiscal Impact Statement , 18. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor , 19. Local Law 143 1. Summary of Int. No. 1514-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 1514 , 3. Int. No. 1514 , 4. April 18, 2019 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 4-18-19 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - April 18, 2019 , 7. Committee Report 5/1/19 , 8. Hearing Testimony 5/1/19 , 9. Hearing Transcript 5/1/19 , 10. Proposed Int. No. 1514-A - 6/27/19 , 11. Committee Report 6/26/19 , 12. Hearing Transcript 6/26/19 , 13. June 26, 2019 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 14. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 6-26-19 , 15. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 26, 2019 , 16. Int. No. 1514-A (FINAL) , 17. Fiscal Impact Statement , 18. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor , 19. Local Law 143 History (12) History (12) History (12) History (12) Text Text Text Text 12 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 12 records 12 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Date Group by Action By Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 7/30/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Returned Unsigned by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 7/27/2019 A Diana I. Ayala Administration City Charter Rule Adopted Action details Meeting details Not available 6/26/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/26/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 6/26/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 6/26/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 6/26/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Amended by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 6/26/2019 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 5/1/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 5/1/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 4/18/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 4/18/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 7/30/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Returned Unsigned by Mayor  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 7/27/2019 A Diana I. Ayala Administration City Charter Rule Adopted  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/26/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/26/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/26/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/26/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/26/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Amended by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/26/2019 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 5/1/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 5/1/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Laid Over by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 4/18/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 4/18/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available Int. No. 1514-A Int. No. 1514-A   By Council Members Ayala, Rosenthal, Kallos, Chin and Rivera By Council Members Ayala, Rosenthal, Kallos, Chin and Rivera   A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to requiring access to substance abuse treatment for transgender, gender non-conforming, non-binary, and intersex individuals A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to requiring access to substance abuse treatment for transgender, gender non-conforming, non-binary, and intersex individuals   Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Section 1. Section 9-107 of the administrative code of the city of New York is amended to read as follows: Section 1. Section 9-107 of the administrative code of the city of New York is amended to read as follows: § 9-107 Narcotics treatment program. a. [The commissioner of correction] Correctional health services, or any entity with which the department of correction or the department of health and mental hygiene contracts to provide healthcare for incarcerated individuals, shall establish a program for the treatment of [heroin addicts] substance abuse through the use of [methadone hydrochloride therapy] medication assisted treatment, including the administration of methadone, buprenorphine, and naltrexone. The program shall be available on a voluntary basis only to such [inmates] incarcerated individuals as apply, subject to a medical evaluation, before acceptance, of their need for such treatment. § 9-107 Narcotics treatment program. a. [The commissioner of correction] Correctional health services, or any entity with which the department of correction or the department of health and mental hygiene contracts to provide healthcare for incarcerated individuals, shall establish a program for the treatment of [heroin addicts] substance abuse through the use of [methadone hydrochloride therapy] medication assisted treatment, including the administration of methadone, buprenorphine, and naltrexone. The program shall be available on a voluntary basis only to such [inmates] incarcerated individuals as apply, subject to a medical evaluation, before acceptance, of their need for such treatment. b. [The commissioner of correction shall provide for the continuance of such treatment by establishing parole procedures and after-care evaluation and implementation after the incarceration has terminated, during the period of parole.] The commissioner of correction shall ensure that any housing unit in which transgender, intersex, non-binary, or gender non-conforming individuals are housed has access to the same substance abuse treatment as other incarcerated individuals. Such treatment shall only be given voluntarily and based on the exercise of professional medical judgment of a medical provider following consultation between such medical provider and the incarcerated person. b. [The commissioner of correction shall provide for the continuance of such treatment by establishing parole procedures and after-care evaluation and implementation after the incarceration has terminated, during the period of parole.] The commissioner of correction shall ensure that any housing unit in which transgender, intersex, non-binary, or gender non-conforming individuals are housed has access to the same substance abuse treatment as other incarcerated individuals. Such treatment shall only be given voluntarily and based on the exercise of professional medical judgment of a medical provider following consultation between such medical provider and the incarcerated person. § 2. This local law takes effect 90 days after it becomes law. § 2. This local law takes effect 90 days after it becomes law.   AS AS LS # 8248, 10,250 LS # 8248, 10,250 6/18/19 5:11 PM 6/18/19 5:11 PM             Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text)

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/LegislationDetail.aspx?ID=5521036&GUID=53AEC2AD-1D4F-43B2-9298-F064AB1C2D54&Options=Advanced&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Reports File #: Res 0057-2022 Version: * A Name: Support of self-determination for Puerto Rico. Type: Resolution Status: Adopted Committee: Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations On agenda: 3/10/2022 Enactment date: Law number: Title: Resolution calling on Congress to pass, and the President to sign, a bill in support of self-determination for Puerto Rico. Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Carlina Rivera , Amanda Farías , Shahana K. Hanif , Tiffany Cabán , Lincoln Restler , Alexa Avilés , Farah N. Louis , Marjorie Velázquez Council Member Sponsors: 9 Attachments: 1. Res. No. 57 , 2. March 10, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 3. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  3-10-22 , 4. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - March 10, 2022 , 5. Committee Report 4/27/22 , 6. Hearing Testimony 4/27/22 , 7. Hearing Transcript 4/27/22 , 8. Proposed Res. No. 57-A - 1/12/23 , 9. Committee Report 1/19/23 , 10. Hearing Transcript 1/19/23 , 11. January 19, 2023 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 12. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 1-19-23 , 13. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - January 19, 2023 History (9) Text 9 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 1/19/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved, by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 1/19/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 1/19/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 1/19/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Amended by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 1/19/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 4/27/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 4/27/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 3/10/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 3/10/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available Res. No. 57-A Resolution calling on Congress to pass, and the President to sign, a bill in support of self-determination for Puerto Rico. By Council Members Ayala, Rivera, Farías, Hanif, Cabán, Restler, Avilés, Louis and Velázquez Whereas, According to the United States (U.S.) Census Bureau’s 2017 American Community Survey, nearly one million New York City (NYC) residents are of Puerto Rican descent; and Whereas, Because Puerto Rico is an insular U.S. territory and not a state, Puerto Ricans lack the right to have voting representation in Congress and to participate fully in federal elections; and Whereas, The United Nations has recognized Puerto Rico as a self-governing political entity under General Assembly Resolution 748; and Whereas, According to the Council on Foreign Relations, “Puerto Rico is a political paradox,” facing a multi-layered economic and social crisis that is rooted in its long-standing status as a U.S. territory and has been compounded by government mismanagement over the years; and Whereas, According to the Harvard Political Review, recent economic and social issues stemming from repeated natural disasters, mishandled federal assistance, and rising debt have underscored the urgency of re-evaluating Puerto Rico’s status as a territory, prompting discussion of a democratic referendum on the issue; and Whereas, Article 1 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, to which the United States is a signatory and which it is required to recognize, establishes that all peoples have the right to self-determination and “by virtue of that right they freely determine their political status and freely pursue their economic, social and cultural development”; and Whereas, According to a press release by Congresswoman Ayanna Pressley on October 9, 2020, “Puerto Rico’s status as a U.S. territory has served as a roadblock to the Island’s progress, inflicting over a century of hurt and harm on the Island’s residents and depriving them of their fundamental right to determine their own future.”; and Whereas, Representative Nydia M. Velázquez of New York had introduced legislation in the U.S. House of Representatives on March 18, 2021, to recognize the right of the people of Puerto Rico to call a status convention through which they would exercise their right to self-determination; and Whereas, In accordance with fundamental principles of human rights, Puerto Rico, rather than Congress, must determine its own future by having the authority to support its enfranchisement and democratic self-governance; now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Council of the City of New York calls on Congress to pass, and the President to sign, a bill in support of self-determination for Puerto Rico. Session 12 RHP Res. 0057-2022 1/6/23 CD LS #5595 3/3/22 Session 11 AH LS #16820 Reso.#1543-2021 Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text) Details Details Details Details Reports Reports Reports Reports File #: File #: Res 0057-2022 Version: * A Res 0057-2022 Version: Name: Name: Support of self-determination for Puerto Rico. Support of self-determination for Puerto Rico. Type: Type: Resolution Resolution Status: Status: Adopted Adopted   Committee: Committee: Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations On agenda: On agenda: 3/10/2022 3/10/2022   Enactment date: Enactment date:   Law number: Law number:   Title: Title: Resolution calling on Congress to pass, and the President to sign, a bill in support of self-determination for Puerto Rico. Resolution calling on Congress to pass, and the President to sign, a bill in support of self-determination for Puerto Rico. Sponsors: Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Carlina Rivera , Amanda Farías , Shahana K. Hanif , Tiffany Cabán , Lincoln Restler , Alexa Avilés , Farah N. Louis , Marjorie Velázquez Diana I. Ayala , Carlina Rivera , Amanda Farías , Shahana K. Hanif , Tiffany Cabán , Lincoln Restler , Alexa Avilés , Farah N. Louis , Marjorie Velázquez Council Member Sponsors: Council Member Sponsors: 9 9 Attachments: Attachments: 1. Res. No. 57 , 2. March 10, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 3. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  3-10-22 , 4. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - March 10, 2022 , 5. Committee Report 4/27/22 , 6. Hearing Testimony 4/27/22 , 7. Hearing Transcript 4/27/22 , 8. Proposed Res. No. 57-A - 1/12/23 , 9. Committee Report 1/19/23 , 10. Hearing Transcript 1/19/23 , 11. January 19, 2023 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 12. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 1-19-23 , 13. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - January 19, 2023 1. Res. No. 57 , 2. March 10, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 3. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  3-10-22 , 4. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - March 10, 2022 , 5. Committee Report 4/27/22 , 6. Hearing Testimony 4/27/22 , 7. Hearing Transcript 4/27/22 , 8. Proposed Res. No. 57-A - 1/12/23 , 9. Committee Report 1/19/23 , 10. Hearing Transcript 1/19/23 , 11. January 19, 2023 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 12. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 1-19-23 , 13. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - January 19, 2023 History (9) History (9) History (9) History (9) Text Text Text Text 9 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 9 records 9 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Date Group by Action By Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 1/19/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved, by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 1/19/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 1/19/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 1/19/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Amended by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 1/19/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 4/27/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 4/27/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 3/10/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 3/10/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 1/19/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved, by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 1/19/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 1/19/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 1/19/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Amended by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 1/19/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 4/27/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 4/27/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Laid Over by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 3/10/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 3/10/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available Res. No. 57-A Res. No. 57-A   Resolution calling on Congress to pass, and the President to sign, a bill in support of self-determination for Puerto Rico. Resolution calling on Congress to pass, and the President to sign, a bill in support of self-determination for Puerto Rico.   By Council Members Ayala, Rivera, Farías, Hanif, Cabán, Restler, Avilés, Louis and Velázquez By Council Members Ayala, Rivera, Farías, Hanif, Cabán, Restler, Avilés, Louis and Velázquez   Whereas, According to the United States (U.S.) Census Bureau’s 2017 American Community Survey, nearly one million New York City (NYC) residents are of Puerto Rican descent; and Whereas, According to the United States (U.S.) Census Bureau’s 2017 American Community Survey, nearly one million New York City (NYC) residents are of Puerto Rican descent; and Whereas, Because Puerto Rico is an insular U.S. territory and not a state, Puerto Ricans lack the right to have voting representation in Congress and to participate fully in federal elections; and Whereas, Because Puerto Rico is an insular U.S. territory and not a state, Puerto Ricans lack the right to have voting representation in Congress and to participate fully in federal elections; and Whereas, The United Nations has recognized Puerto Rico as a self-governing political entity under General Assembly Resolution 748; and Whereas, The United Nations has recognized Puerto Rico as a self-governing political entity under General Assembly Resolution 748; and Whereas, According to the Council on Foreign Relations, “Puerto Rico is a political paradox,” facing a multi-layered economic and social crisis that is rooted in its long-standing status as a U.S. territory and has been compounded by government mismanagement over the years; and Whereas, According to the Council on Foreign Relations, “Puerto Rico is a political paradox,” facing a multi-layered economic and social crisis that is rooted in its long-standing status as a U.S. territory and has been compounded by government mismanagement over the years; and Whereas, According to the Harvard Political Review, recent economic and social issues stemming from repeated natural disasters, mishandled federal assistance, and rising debt have underscored the urgency of re-evaluating Puerto Rico’s status as a territory, prompting discussion of a democratic referendum on the issue; and Whereas, According to the Harvard Political Review, recent economic and social issues stemming from repeated natural disasters, mishandled federal assistance, and rising debt have underscored the urgency of re-evaluating Puerto Rico’s status as a territory, prompting discussion of a democratic referendum on the issue; and Whereas, Article 1 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, to which the United States is a signatory and which it is required to recognize, establishes that all peoples have the right to self-determination and “by virtue of that right they freely determine their political status and freely pursue their economic, social and cultural development”; and Whereas, Article 1 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, to which the United States is a signatory and which it is required to recognize, establishes that all peoples have the right to self-determination and “by virtue of that right they freely determine their political status and freely pursue their economic, social and cultural development”; and Whereas, According to a press release by Congresswoman Ayanna Pressley on October 9, 2020, “Puerto Rico’s status as a U.S. territory has served as a roadblock to the Island’s progress, inflicting over a century of hurt and harm on the Island’s residents and depriving them of their fundamental right to determine their own future.”; and Whereas, According to a press release by Congresswoman Ayanna Pressley on October 9, 2020, “Puerto Rico’s status as a U.S. territory has served as a roadblock to the Island’s progress, inflicting over a century of hurt and harm on the Island’s residents and depriving them of their fundamental right to determine their own future.”; and Whereas, Representative Nydia M. Velázquez of New York had introduced legislation in the U.S. House of Representatives on March 18, 2021, to recognize the right of the people of Puerto Rico to call a status convention through which they would exercise their right to self-determination; and Whereas, Representative Nydia M. Velázquez of New York had introduced legislation in the U.S. House of Representatives on March 18, 2021, to recognize the right of the people of Puerto Rico to call a status convention through which they would exercise their right to self-determination; and Whereas, In accordance with fundamental principles of human rights, Puerto Rico, rather than Congress, must determine its own future by having the authority to support its enfranchisement and democratic self-governance; now, therefore, be it Whereas, In accordance with fundamental principles of human rights, Puerto Rico, rather than Congress, must determine its own future by having the authority to support its enfranchisement and democratic self-governance; now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Council of the City of New York calls on Congress to pass, and the President to sign, a bill in support of self-determination for Puerto Rico. Resolved, That the Council of the City of New York calls on Congress to pass, and the President to sign, a bill in support of self-determination for Puerto Rico.     Session 12 Session 12 RHP RHP Res. 0057-2022 Res. 0057-2022 1/6/23 1/6/23   CD CD LS #5595 LS #5595 3/3/22 3/3/22   Session 11 Session 11 AH AH LS #16820 LS #16820 Reso.#1543-2021 Reso.#1543-2021   Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text)

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/LegislationDetail.aspx?ID=4085853&GUID=9B1E8594-5AE8-4007-8A85-43F884653109&Options=Advanced&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Reports File #: Int 1654-2019 Version: * A Name: Neighborhood awareness campaigns regarding farm-to-city projects. Type: Introduction Status: Enacted Committee: Committee on Economic Development On agenda: 8/14/2019 Enactment date: 3/29/2020 Law number: 2020/047 Title: A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to neighborhood awareness campaigns regarding farm-to-city projects Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Ben Kallos , Vanessa L. Gibson , Brad S. Lander , Carlos Menchaca , Paul A. Vallone , Carlina Rivera Council Member Sponsors: 7 Summary: This bill would require the Department of Health and Mental Hygiene to conduct neighborhood-specific public awareness and education campaigns regarding the City’s farm-to-city projects, which includes farmers’ markets, community supported agriculture, food boxes, and fresh pantries. The Department would also be required all relevant information to its website. Attachments: 1. Summary of Int. No. 1654-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 1654 , 3. Int. No. 1654 , 4. August 14, 2019 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 8-14-19 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - August 14, 2019 , 7. Committee Report 9/18/19 , 8. Report - Growing Food Equity in New York City , 9. Hearing Testimony 9/18/19 , 10. Hearing Transcript 9/18/19 , 11. Proposed Int. No. 1654-A - 2/20/20 , 12. Committee Report 2/25/20 , 13. Hearing Testimony 2/25/20 , 14. Hearing Transcript 2/25/20 , 15. Committee Report - Stated Meeting , 16. February 27, 2020 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 17. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  2-27-20 , 18. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - February 27, 2020 , 19. Int. No. 1654-A (FINAL) , 20. Fiscal Impact Statement , 21. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor , 22. Local Law 47 History (16) Text 16 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 4/16/2020 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Returned Unsigned by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 3/29/2020 A Diana I. Ayala Administration City Charter Rule Adopted Action details Meeting details Not available 2/27/2020 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 2/27/2020 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 2/25/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Economic Development Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 2/25/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Economic Development Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 2/25/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Economic Development Amended by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 2/25/2020 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Economic Development Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 9/18/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 9/18/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 9/18/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Education Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 9/18/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Education Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 9/18/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Economic Development Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 9/18/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Economic Development Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 8/14/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 8/14/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available Int. No. 1654-A By Council Members Ayala, Kallos, Gibson, Lander, Menchaca, Vallone and Rivera A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to neighborhood awareness campaigns regarding farm-to-city projects Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Section 1. Chapter 1 of title 17 of the administrative code of the city of New York is amended by adding a new section 17-199.13 to read as follows: § 17-199.13 Farm-to-city projects. a. Definitions. As used in this section, the following terms have the following meanings: CSA. The term “CSA” means community supported agriculture partnerships, usually formed between farms and consumers, which allow communities or community members to invest in farms in exchange for regular receipt of such farms’ produce. Farm-to-city project. The term “farm-to-city project” refers to neighborhood- or community-based local fresh food projects, which include CSAs, farmers’ markets, food boxes and food pantries. Farmers’ market. The term “farmers’ market” means an open-air market held for the sale of products grown, raised, caught or baked by regional farmers, producers and fishers to the general public and that does not have a fundraising component. A farmers’ market may be run by a large, centrally-managed network, or by a single community organization, garden group, or other neighborhood or community entity. Food box. The term “food box” means a program that aggregates fresh produce from participating providers and enables consumers to purchase or acquire fresh, regionally-grown produce at a set price that is typically below retail value. Food pantry. The term “food pantry” means a food pantry, food bank, or other emergency food program operating in the city for which the location is published by the human resources administration or otherwise identified by the department. b. Farm-to-city project awareness campaign. The department shall develop materials for neighborhood-specific farm-to-city project awareness in each of the designated citywide languages as defined in section 23-1101, regarding farm-to-city projects available in each neighborhood throughout all five boroughs. The department shall also post this information on its website. § 2. This local law takes effect 270 days after it becomes law. SIL/ARP LS #11590 02/19/20 Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text) Details Details Details Details Reports Reports Reports Reports File #: File #: Int 1654-2019 Version: * A Int 1654-2019 Version: Name: Name: Neighborhood awareness campaigns regarding farm-to-city projects. Neighborhood awareness campaigns regarding farm-to-city projects. Type: Type: Introduction Introduction Status: Status: Enacted Enacted   Committee: Committee: Committee on Economic Development On agenda: On agenda: 8/14/2019 8/14/2019   Enactment date: Enactment date: 3/29/2020 3/29/2020 Law number: Law number: 2020/047 2020/047 Title: Title: A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to neighborhood awareness campaigns regarding farm-to-city projects A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to neighborhood awareness campaigns regarding farm-to-city projects Sponsors: Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Ben Kallos , Vanessa L. Gibson , Brad S. Lander , Carlos Menchaca , Paul A. Vallone , Carlina Rivera Diana I. Ayala , Ben Kallos , Vanessa L. Gibson , Brad S. Lander , Carlos Menchaca , Paul A. Vallone , Carlina Rivera Council Member Sponsors: Council Member Sponsors: 7 7 Summary: Summary: This bill would require the Department of Health and Mental Hygiene to conduct neighborhood-specific public awareness and education campaigns regarding the City’s farm-to-city projects, which includes farmers’ markets, community supported agriculture, food boxes, and fresh pantries. The Department would also be required all relevant information to its website. This bill would require the Department of Health and Mental Hygiene to conduct neighborhood-specific public awareness and education campaigns regarding the City’s farm-to-city projects, which includes farmers’ markets, community supported agriculture, food boxes, and fresh pantries. The Department would also be required all relevant information to its website. Attachments: Attachments: 1. Summary of Int. No. 1654-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 1654 , 3. Int. No. 1654 , 4. August 14, 2019 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 8-14-19 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - August 14, 2019 , 7. Committee Report 9/18/19 , 8. Report - Growing Food Equity in New York City , 9. Hearing Testimony 9/18/19 , 10. Hearing Transcript 9/18/19 , 11. Proposed Int. No. 1654-A - 2/20/20 , 12. Committee Report 2/25/20 , 13. Hearing Testimony 2/25/20 , 14. Hearing Transcript 2/25/20 , 15. Committee Report - Stated Meeting , 16. February 27, 2020 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 17. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  2-27-20 , 18. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - February 27, 2020 , 19. Int. No. 1654-A (FINAL) , 20. Fiscal Impact Statement , 21. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor , 22. Local Law 47 1. Summary of Int. No. 1654-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 1654 , 3. Int. No. 1654 , 4. August 14, 2019 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 8-14-19 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - August 14, 2019 , 7. Committee Report 9/18/19 , 8. Report - Growing Food Equity in New York City , 9. Hearing Testimony 9/18/19 , 10. Hearing Transcript 9/18/19 , 11. Proposed Int. No. 1654-A - 2/20/20 , 12. Committee Report 2/25/20 , 13. Hearing Testimony 2/25/20 , 14. Hearing Transcript 2/25/20 , 15. Committee Report - Stated Meeting , 16. February 27, 2020 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 17. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  2-27-20 , 18. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - February 27, 2020 , 19. Int. No. 1654-A (FINAL) , 20. Fiscal Impact Statement , 21. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor , 22. Local Law 47 History (16) History (16) History (16) History (16) Text Text Text Text 16 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 16 records 16 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Date Group by Action By Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 4/16/2020 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Returned Unsigned by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 3/29/2020 A Diana I. Ayala Administration City Charter Rule Adopted Action details Meeting details Not available 2/27/2020 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 2/27/2020 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 2/25/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Economic Development Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 2/25/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Economic Development Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 2/25/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Economic Development Amended by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 2/25/2020 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Economic Development Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 9/18/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 9/18/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 9/18/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Education Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 9/18/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Education Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 9/18/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Economic Development Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 9/18/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Economic Development Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 8/14/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 8/14/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 4/16/2020 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Returned Unsigned by Mayor  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 3/29/2020 A Diana I. Ayala Administration City Charter Rule Adopted  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 2/27/2020 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 2/27/2020 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 2/25/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Economic Development Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 2/25/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Economic Development Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 2/25/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Economic Development Amended by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 2/25/2020 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Economic Development Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 9/18/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Laid Over by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 9/18/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 9/18/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Education Laid Over by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 9/18/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Education Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 9/18/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Economic Development Laid Over by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 9/18/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Economic Development Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 8/14/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 8/14/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available Int. No. 1654-A Int. No. 1654-A   By Council Members Ayala, Kallos, Gibson, Lander, Menchaca, Vallone and Rivera By Council Members Ayala, Kallos, Gibson, Lander, Menchaca, Vallone and Rivera   A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to neighborhood awareness campaigns regarding farm-to-city projects A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to neighborhood awareness campaigns regarding farm-to-city projects   Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Be it enacted by the Council as follows:   Section 1. Chapter 1 of title 17 of the administrative code of the city of New York is amended by adding a new section 17-199.13 to read as follows: Section 1. Chapter 1 of title 17 of the administrative code of the city of New York is amended by adding a new section 17-199.13 to read as follows: § 17-199.13 Farm-to-city projects. a. Definitions. As used in this section, the following terms have the following meanings: § 17-199.13 Farm-to-city projects. a. Definitions. As used in this section, the following terms have the following meanings: CSA. The term “CSA” means community supported agriculture partnerships, usually formed between farms and consumers, which allow communities or community members to invest in farms in exchange for regular receipt of such farms’ produce. CSA. The term “CSA” means community supported agriculture partnerships, usually formed between farms and consumers, which allow communities or community members to invest in farms in exchange for regular receipt of such farms’ produce. Farm-to-city project. The term “farm-to-city project” refers to neighborhood- or community-based local fresh food projects, which include CSAs, farmers’ markets, food boxes and food pantries. Farm-to-city project. The term “farm-to-city project” refers to neighborhood- or community-based local fresh food projects, which include CSAs, farmers’ markets, food boxes and food pantries. Farmers’ market. The term “farmers’ market” means an open-air market held for the sale of products grown, raised, caught or baked by regional farmers, producers and fishers to the general public and that does not have a fundraising component. A farmers’ market may be run by a large, centrally-managed network, or by a single community organization, garden group, or other neighborhood or community entity. Farmers’ market. The term “farmers’ market” means an open-air market held for the sale of products grown, raised, caught or baked by regional farmers, producers and fishers to the general public and that does not have a fundraising component. A farmers’ market may be run by a large, centrally-managed network, or by a single community organization, garden group, or other neighborhood or community entity. Food box. The term “food box” means a program that aggregates fresh produce from participating providers and enables consumers to purchase or acquire fresh, regionally-grown produce at a set price that is typically below retail value. Food box. The term “food box” means a program that aggregates fresh produce from participating providers and enables consumers to purchase or acquire fresh, regionally-grown produce at a set price that is typically below retail value. Food pantry. The term “food pantry” means a food pantry, food bank, or other emergency food program operating in the city for which the location is published by the human resources administration or otherwise identified by the department. Food pantry. The term “food pantry” means a food pantry, food bank, or other emergency food program operating in the city for which the location is published by the human resources administration or otherwise identified by the department. b. Farm-to-city project awareness campaign. The department shall develop materials for neighborhood-specific farm-to-city project awareness in each of the designated citywide languages as defined in section 23-1101, regarding farm-to-city projects available in each neighborhood throughout all five boroughs. The department shall also post this information on its website. b. Farm-to-city project awareness campaign. The department shall develop materials for neighborhood-specific farm-to-city project awareness in each of the designated citywide languages as defined in section 23-1101, regarding farm-to-city projects available in each neighborhood throughout all five boroughs. The department shall also post this information on its website. § 2. This local law takes effect 270 days after it becomes law. § 2. This local law takes effect 270 days after it becomes law.       SIL/ARP SIL/ARP LS #11590 LS #11590 02/19/20 02/19/20     Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text)

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/LegislationDetail.aspx?ID=3762644&GUID=34F44265-D7CA-49F5-8742-C2506898E558&Options=Advanced&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Reports File #: Int 1242-2018 Version: * A Name: Expanding available data in the online property owner registry. Type: Introduction Status: Enacted Committee: Committee on Housing and Buildings On agenda: 11/28/2018 Enactment date: 6/8/2019 Law number: 2019/109 Title: A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to expanding available data in the online property owner registry Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Brad S. Lander , Justin L. Brannan , Alicka Ampry-Samuel , Rory I. Lancman , Ben Kallos , Helen K. Rosenthal , Bill Perkins , Carlina Rivera Council Member Sponsors: 9 Summary: This bill would expand the Department of Housing Preservation and Development’s (HPD) online property owner registry by requiring inclusion of Department of Building (DOB) violations related to construction as harassment, including violations of work without a permit and work in violation of a stop work order. It would also require HPD to include rent overcharge information from New York State Homes and Community Renewal and incorporate that information into the registry, if available. Attachments: 1. Summary of Int. No. 1242-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 1242 , 3. Int. No. 1242 , 4. November 28, 2018 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 11-28-2018 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - November 28, 2018 , 7. Committee Report 12/13/18 , 8. Hearing Testimony 12/13/18 , 9. Hearing Transcript 12/13/18 , 10. Proposed Int. No. 1242-A - 5/9/19 , 11. Committee Report 5/7/19 , 12. Hearing Transcript 5/7/19 , 13. Committee Report - Stated Meeting , 14. May 8, 2019 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 15. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 5-8-19 , 16. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - May 8, 2019 , 17. Int. No. 1242-A (FINAL) , 18. Fiscal Impact Statement , 19. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor , 20. Local Law 109 History (12) Text 12 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 6/11/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Returned Unsigned by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 6/8/2019 A Diana I. Ayala Administration City Charter Rule Adopted Action details Meeting details Not available 5/8/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 5/8/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 5/7/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 5/7/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 5/7/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Amended by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 5/7/2019 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 12/13/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 12/13/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 11/28/2018 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 11/28/2018 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available Int. No. 1242-A By Council Members Ayala, Lander, Brannan, Ampry-Samuel, Lancman, Kallos, Rosenthal, Perkins and Rivera A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to expanding available data in the online property owner registry Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Section 1. Section 27-2109.2 of the administrative code of the city of New York, as added by local law number 62 for the year 2018, is amended to read as follows: § 27-2109.2 Online portfolio report of registered property owners. The department shall maintain through the department’s website a publicly accessible electronic interface that reports portfolio information based on the name of a property owner. The report shall be based on the last valid information registered with the department pursuant to section 27-2097. Such report shall include (i) the address of each registered property owned by such registered owner; (ii) the current number of outstanding violations issued by the department, disaggregated by class, for each property; (iii) the number of findings of harassment currently on record with the department; [and] (iv) the number and types of departmental orders pending on each property ; (v) the number of violations issued by the department of buildings pursuant to sections 28-207.2.6 or 28-213.1.2 for each property, including the status of each violation and the date each violation was issued; (vi) findings from the appropriate state agency of rent overcharges against a property, including the reasons provided by the owner for such overcharge, if available, or why such findings could not be included; and (vii) findings from the appropriate state agency indicating illegal removal from rent-regulation, if available, or why such findings could not be included . The department may provide the aggregate data used to create such website to the public advocate upon request in a form that permits automated processing and downloading. § 2. This local law takes effect May 1, 2021, except that the commissioner of housing preservation and development may take such measures as are necessary for its implementation, including the promulgation of rules, prior to such effective date. MJT/GZ/APB/AS LS #7100 4/30/19 7:45pm Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text) Details Details Details Details Reports Reports Reports Reports File #: File #: Int 1242-2018 Version: * A Int 1242-2018 Version: Name: Name: Expanding available data in the online property owner registry. Expanding available data in the online property owner registry. Type: Type: Introduction Introduction Status: Status: Enacted Enacted   Committee: Committee: Committee on Housing and Buildings On agenda: On agenda: 11/28/2018 11/28/2018   Enactment date: Enactment date: 6/8/2019 6/8/2019 Law number: Law number: 2019/109 2019/109 Title: Title: A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to expanding available data in the online property owner registry A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to expanding available data in the online property owner registry Sponsors: Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Brad S. Lander , Justin L. Brannan , Alicka Ampry-Samuel , Rory I. Lancman , Ben Kallos , Helen K. Rosenthal , Bill Perkins , Carlina Rivera Diana I. Ayala , Brad S. Lander , Justin L. Brannan , Alicka Ampry-Samuel , Rory I. Lancman , Ben Kallos , Helen K. Rosenthal , Bill Perkins , Carlina Rivera Council Member Sponsors: Council Member Sponsors: 9 9 Summary: Summary: This bill would expand the Department of Housing Preservation and Development’s (HPD) online property owner registry by requiring inclusion of Department of Building (DOB) violations related to construction as harassment, including violations of work without a permit and work in violation of a stop work order. It would also require HPD to include rent overcharge information from New York State Homes and Community Renewal and incorporate that information into the registry, if available. This bill would expand the Department of Housing Preservation and Development’s (HPD) online property owner registry by requiring inclusion of Department of Building (DOB) violations related to construction as harassment, including violations of work without a permit and work in violation of a stop work order. It would also require HPD to include rent overcharge information from New York State Homes and Community Renewal and incorporate that information into the registry, if available. Attachments: Attachments: 1. Summary of Int. No. 1242-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 1242 , 3. Int. No. 1242 , 4. November 28, 2018 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 11-28-2018 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - November 28, 2018 , 7. Committee Report 12/13/18 , 8. Hearing Testimony 12/13/18 , 9. Hearing Transcript 12/13/18 , 10. Proposed Int. No. 1242-A - 5/9/19 , 11. Committee Report 5/7/19 , 12. Hearing Transcript 5/7/19 , 13. Committee Report - Stated Meeting , 14. May 8, 2019 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 15. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 5-8-19 , 16. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - May 8, 2019 , 17. Int. No. 1242-A (FINAL) , 18. Fiscal Impact Statement , 19. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor , 20. Local Law 109 1. Summary of Int. No. 1242-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 1242 , 3. Int. No. 1242 , 4. November 28, 2018 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 11-28-2018 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - November 28, 2018 , 7. Committee Report 12/13/18 , 8. Hearing Testimony 12/13/18 , 9. Hearing Transcript 12/13/18 , 10. Proposed Int. No. 1242-A - 5/9/19 , 11. Committee Report 5/7/19 , 12. Hearing Transcript 5/7/19 , 13. Committee Report - Stated Meeting , 14. May 8, 2019 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 15. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 5-8-19 , 16. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - May 8, 2019 , 17. Int. No. 1242-A (FINAL) , 18. Fiscal Impact Statement , 19. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor , 20. Local Law 109 History (12) History (12) History (12) History (12) Text Text Text Text 12 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 12 records 12 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Date Group by Action By Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 6/11/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Returned Unsigned by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 6/8/2019 A Diana I. Ayala Administration City Charter Rule Adopted Action details Meeting details Not available 5/8/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 5/8/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 5/7/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 5/7/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 5/7/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Amended by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 5/7/2019 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 12/13/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 12/13/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 11/28/2018 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 11/28/2018 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/11/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Returned Unsigned by Mayor  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/8/2019 A Diana I. Ayala Administration City Charter Rule Adopted  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 5/8/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 5/8/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 5/7/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 5/7/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 5/7/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Amended by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 5/7/2019 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 12/13/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 12/13/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Laid Over by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 11/28/2018 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 11/28/2018 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available Int. No. 1242-A Int. No. 1242-A   By Council Members Ayala, Lander, Brannan, Ampry-Samuel, Lancman, Kallos, Rosenthal, Perkins and Rivera By Council Members Ayala, Lander, Brannan, Ampry-Samuel, Lancman, Kallos, Rosenthal, Perkins and Rivera   A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to expanding available data in the online property owner registry A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to expanding available data in the online property owner registry   Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Be it enacted by the Council as follows:   Section 1. Section 27-2109.2 of the administrative code of the city of New York, as added by local law number 62 for the year 2018, is amended to read as follows: Section 1. Section 27-2109.2 of the administrative code of the city of New York, as added by local law number 62 for the year 2018, is amended to read as follows: § 27-2109.2 Online portfolio report of registered property owners. The department shall maintain through the department’s website a publicly accessible electronic interface that reports portfolio information based on the name of a property owner. The report shall be based on the last valid information registered with the department pursuant to section 27-2097. Such report shall include (i) the address of each registered property owned by such registered owner; (ii) the current number of outstanding violations issued by the department, disaggregated by class, for each property; (iii) the number of findings of harassment currently on record with the department; [and] (iv) the number and types of departmental orders pending on each property ; (v) the number of violations issued by the department of buildings pursuant to sections 28-207.2.6 or 28-213.1.2 for each property, including the status of each violation and the date each violation was issued; (vi) findings from the appropriate state agency of rent overcharges against a property, including the reasons provided by the owner for such overcharge, if available, or why such findings could not be included; and (vii) findings from the appropriate state agency indicating illegal removal from rent-regulation, if available, or why such findings could not be included . The department may provide the aggregate data used to create such website to the public advocate upon request in a form that permits automated processing and downloading. § 27-2109.2 Online portfolio report of registered property owners. The department shall maintain through the department’s website a publicly accessible electronic interface that reports portfolio information based on the name of a property owner. The report shall be based on the last valid information registered with the department pursuant to section 27-2097. Such report shall include (i) the address of each registered property owned by such registered owner; (ii) the current number of outstanding violations issued by the department, disaggregated by class, for each property; (iii) the number of findings of harassment currently on record with the department; [and] (iv) the number and types of departmental orders pending on each property ; (v) the number of violations issued by the department of buildings pursuant to sections 28-207.2.6 or 28-213.1.2 for each property, including the status of each violation and the date each violation was issued; (vi) findings from the appropriate state agency of rent overcharges against a property, including the reasons provided by the owner for such overcharge, if available, or why such findings could not be included; and (vii) findings from the appropriate state agency indicating illegal removal from rent-regulation, if available, or why such findings could not be included . The department may provide the aggregate data used to create such website to the public advocate upon request in a form that permits automated processing and downloading. § 2. This local law takes effect May 1, 2021, except that the commissioner of housing preservation and development may take such measures as are necessary for its implementation, including the promulgation of rules, prior to such effective date. § 2. This local law takes effect May 1, 2021, except that the commissioner of housing preservation and development may take such measures as are necessary for its implementation, including the promulgation of rules, prior to such effective date.    MJT/GZ/APB/AS MJT/GZ/APB/AS LS #7100 LS #7100 4/30/19 7:45pm 4/30/19 7:45pm     Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text)

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/LegislationDetail.aspx?ID=5451334&GUID=DC95EC0B-311F-4BBF-9AD9-67F253A925A8&Options=Advanced&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Reports File #: Int 0007-2022 Version: * A Name: Admission to recreational facilities. Type: Introduction Status: Enacted Committee: Committee on Parks and Recreation On agenda: 2/10/2022 Enactment date: 7/23/2023 Law number: 2023/103 Title: A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to admission to recreational facilities Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Darlene Mealy , Farah N. Louis , Kalman Yeger , Shahana K. Hanif , Julie Won , Crystal Hudson , Rita C. Joseph , Kevin C. Riley , Lincoln Restler , Shekar Krishnan , Mercedes Narcisse , Amanda Farías , Alexa Avilés , Pierina Ana Sanchez , Sandy Nurse , Carlina Rivera , Selvena N. Brooks-Powers Council Member Sponsors: 18 Summary: This bill would require the City to make memberships for recreation centers under the jurisdiction of the Department of Parks and Recreation free for young adults between 18 and 24 years old. Attachments: 1. Summary of Int. No. 7-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 7 , 3. Int. No. 7 , 4. February 10, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  2-10-22 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - February 10, 2022 , 7. Committee Report 3/1/23 , 8. Hearing Testimony 3/1/23 , 9. Hearing Transcript 3/1/23 , 10. Proposed Int. No. 7-A - 5/31/23 , 11. Committee Report 6/22/23 , 12. Hearing Transcript 6/22/23 , 13. Committee Report - Stated Meeting , 14. June 22, 2023 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 15. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  6-22-23 , 16. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 22, 2023 , 17. Int. No. 7-A (FINAL) , 18. Fiscal Impact Statement , 19. Local Law 103 , 20. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor History (12) Text 12 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 7/25/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Returned Unsigned by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 7/23/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Administration City Charter Rule Adopted Action details Meeting details Not available 6/22/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/22/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 6/22/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Parks and Recreation Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 6/22/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Parks and Recreation Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 6/22/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Parks and Recreation Amended by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 6/22/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Parks and Recreation Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 3/1/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Parks and Recreation Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 3/1/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Parks and Recreation Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 2/10/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 2/10/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available Int. No. 7-A By Council Members Ayala, Mealy, Louis, Yeger, Hanif, Won, Hudson, Joseph, Riley, Restler, Krishnan, Narcisse, Farias, Avilés, Sanchez, Nurse, Rivera and Brooks-Powers A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to admission to recreational facilities Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Section 1. Section 18-149 of the administrative code of the city of New York, as added by local law number 18 for the year 2016 and redesignated by local law number 133 for the year 2017, is amended to read as follows: § 18-149 Discounted recreation center fees. a. Annual membership fees for each recreation center under the jurisdiction of the department shall be reduced for persons 62 years of age or older, [persons between 18 and 24 years of age,] veterans , and persons with disabilities. Such reduced fees shall be no greater than 25 percent of the highest annual membership fee charged at such recreation center. b. Annual membership for each recreation center under the jurisdiction of the department shall be free for persons between 18 and 24 years of age. § 2. This local law takes effect 60 days after it becomes law . Session 12 NAB/KS LS #5875 15/26/23 Session 11 NKA LS #17297 Int. #2244-2021 Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text) Details Details Details Details Reports Reports Reports Reports File #: File #: Int 0007-2022 Version: * A Int 0007-2022 Version: Name: Name: Admission to recreational facilities. Admission to recreational facilities. Type: Type: Introduction Introduction Status: Status: Enacted Enacted   Committee: Committee: Committee on Parks and Recreation On agenda: On agenda: 2/10/2022 2/10/2022   Enactment date: Enactment date: 7/23/2023 7/23/2023 Law number: Law number: 2023/103 2023/103 Title: Title: A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to admission to recreational facilities A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to admission to recreational facilities Sponsors: Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Darlene Mealy , Farah N. Louis , Kalman Yeger , Shahana K. Hanif , Julie Won , Crystal Hudson , Rita C. Joseph , Kevin C. Riley , Lincoln Restler , Shekar Krishnan , Mercedes Narcisse , Amanda Farías , Alexa Avilés , Pierina Ana Sanchez , Sandy Nurse , Carlina Rivera , Selvena N. Brooks-Powers Diana I. Ayala , Darlene Mealy , Farah N. Louis , Kalman Yeger , Shahana K. Hanif , Julie Won , Crystal Hudson , Rita C. Joseph , Kevin C. Riley , Lincoln Restler , Shekar Krishnan , Mercedes Narcisse , Amanda Farías , Alexa Avilés , Pierina Ana Sanchez , Sandy Nurse , Carlina Rivera , Selvena N. Brooks-Powers Council Member Sponsors: Council Member Sponsors: 18 18 Summary: Summary: This bill would require the City to make memberships for recreation centers under the jurisdiction of the Department of Parks and Recreation free for young adults between 18 and 24 years old. This bill would require the City to make memberships for recreation centers under the jurisdiction of the Department of Parks and Recreation free for young adults between 18 and 24 years old. Attachments: Attachments: 1. Summary of Int. No. 7-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 7 , 3. Int. No. 7 , 4. February 10, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  2-10-22 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - February 10, 2022 , 7. Committee Report 3/1/23 , 8. Hearing Testimony 3/1/23 , 9. Hearing Transcript 3/1/23 , 10. Proposed Int. No. 7-A - 5/31/23 , 11. Committee Report 6/22/23 , 12. Hearing Transcript 6/22/23 , 13. Committee Report - Stated Meeting , 14. June 22, 2023 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 15. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  6-22-23 , 16. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 22, 2023 , 17. Int. No. 7-A (FINAL) , 18. Fiscal Impact Statement , 19. Local Law 103 , 20. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor 1. Summary of Int. No. 7-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 7 , 3. Int. No. 7 , 4. February 10, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  2-10-22 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - February 10, 2022 , 7. Committee Report 3/1/23 , 8. Hearing Testimony 3/1/23 , 9. Hearing Transcript 3/1/23 , 10. Proposed Int. No. 7-A - 5/31/23 , 11. Committee Report 6/22/23 , 12. Hearing Transcript 6/22/23 , 13. Committee Report - Stated Meeting , 14. June 22, 2023 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 15. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  6-22-23 , 16. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 22, 2023 , 17. Int. No. 7-A (FINAL) , 18. Fiscal Impact Statement , 19. Local Law 103 , 20. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor History (12) History (12) History (12) History (12) Text Text Text Text 12 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 12 records 12 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Date Group by Action By Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 7/25/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Returned Unsigned by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 7/23/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Administration City Charter Rule Adopted Action details Meeting details Not available 6/22/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/22/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 6/22/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Parks and Recreation Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 6/22/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Parks and Recreation Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 6/22/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Parks and Recreation Amended by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 6/22/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Parks and Recreation Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 3/1/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Parks and Recreation Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 3/1/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Parks and Recreation Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 2/10/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 2/10/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 7/25/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Returned Unsigned by Mayor  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 7/23/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Administration City Charter Rule Adopted  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/22/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/22/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/22/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Parks and Recreation Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/22/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Parks and Recreation Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/22/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Parks and Recreation Amended by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/22/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Parks and Recreation Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 3/1/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Parks and Recreation Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 3/1/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Parks and Recreation Laid Over by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 2/10/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 2/10/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available Int. No. 7-A Int. No. 7-A   By Council Members Ayala, Mealy, Louis, Yeger, Hanif, Won, Hudson, Joseph, Riley, Restler, Krishnan, Narcisse, Farias, Avilés, Sanchez, Nurse, Rivera and Brooks-Powers By Council Members Ayala, Mealy, Louis, Yeger, Hanif, Won, Hudson, Joseph, Riley, Restler, Krishnan, Narcisse, Farias, Avilés, Sanchez, Nurse, Rivera and Brooks-Powers   A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to admission to recreational facilities A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to admission to recreational facilities   Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Be it enacted by the Council as follows:   Section 1. Section 18-149 of the administrative code of the city of New York, as added by local law number 18 for the year 2016 and redesignated by local law number 133 for the year 2017, is amended to read as follows: Section 1. Section 18-149 of the administrative code of the city of New York, as added by local law number 18 for the year 2016 and redesignated by local law number 133 for the year 2017, is amended to read as follows: § 18-149 Discounted recreation center fees. a. Annual membership fees for each recreation center under the jurisdiction of the department shall be reduced for persons 62 years of age or older, [persons between 18 and 24 years of age,] veterans , and persons with disabilities. Such reduced fees shall be no greater than 25 percent of the highest annual membership fee charged at such recreation center. § 18-149 Discounted recreation center fees. a. Annual membership fees for each recreation center under the jurisdiction of the department shall be reduced for persons 62 years of age or older, [persons between 18 and 24 years of age,] veterans , and persons with disabilities. Such reduced fees shall be no greater than 25 percent of the highest annual membership fee charged at such recreation center. b. Annual membership for each recreation center under the jurisdiction of the department shall be free for persons between 18 and 24 years of age. b. Annual membership for each recreation center under the jurisdiction of the department shall be free for persons between 18 and 24 years of age. § 2. This local law takes effect 60 days after it becomes law . § 2. This local law takes effect 60 days after it becomes law .         Session 12 Session 12 NAB/KS NAB/KS LS #5875 LS #5875 15/26/23 15/26/23   Session 11 Session 11 NKA NKA LS #17297 LS #17297 Int. #2244-2021 Int. #2244-2021   Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text)

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/LegislationDetail.aspx?ID=5944699&GUID=339C8DAA-4CBE-4CBA-8713-D1A4CA18CEC1&Options=Advanced&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Reports File #: Res 0387-2022 Version: * Name: U.S. Congress to repeal the Merchant Marine Act of 1920, commonly known as the “Jones Act”. Type: Resolution Status: Adopted Committee: Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations On agenda: 11/22/2022 Enactment date: Law number: Title: Resolution calling on the U.S. Congress to repeal the Merchant Marine Act of 1920, commonly known as the "Jones Act". Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Rafael Salamanca, Jr. , Rita C. Joseph , Amanda Farías , Farah N. Louis , Carmen N. De La Rosa , Shahana K. Hanif , Tiffany Cabán , Alexa Avilés , Marjorie Velázquez , Carlina Rivera , James F. Gennaro , Public Advocate Jumaane Williams Council Member Sponsors: 13 Attachments: 1. Res. No. 387 , 2. November 22, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 3. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 11-22-22 , 4. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - November 22, 2022 , 5. Committee Report 12/8/22 , 6. Hearing Testimony 12/8/22 , 7. Hearing Transcript 12/8/22 , 8. Committee Report 1/19/23 , 9. Hearing Transcript 1/19/23 , 10. January 19, 2023 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 11. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 1-19-23 , 12. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - January 19, 2023 History (7) Text 7 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 1/19/2023 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved, by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 1/19/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 1/19/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 12/8/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 12/8/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 11/22/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 11/22/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available Res. No. 387 Resolution calling on the U.S. Congress to repeal the Merchant Marine Act of 1920, commonly known as the “Jones Act”. By Council Members Ayala, Salamanca, Joseph, Farías, Louis, De La Rosa, Hanif, Cabán, Avilés, Velázquez, Rivera, Gennaro and the Public Advocate (Mr. Williams) Whereas, The Merchant Marine Act of 1920, commonly known as the “Jones Act,” requires that all shipping between United States (U.S.) ports be conducted by U.S. built, flagged, crewed and owned vessels ; and Whereas, The Jones Act was originally intended to promote and maintain a merchant marine industry for the sake of domestic commerce, and provide appropriate vessels and trained crews ready to assist the U.S. Navy and military in time of war or national emergency; and Whereas, Puerto Rico, a U.S. territory and island in the Caribbean, is almost entirely reliant on shipping for the receipt of goods; and Whereas, Therefore, the requirements of the Jones Act affect the cost of nearly every product Puerto Ricans consume; and Whereas, a 2019 analysis conducted by consulting firm John Dunham & Associates estimated the Act increased the cost of shipping to Puerto Rico by $568.9 million and overall consumer prices by $1.1 billion, prevented the creation of 13,250 jobs paying $337 million in wages, and reduced tax revenues by $106.4 million; and Whereas, Puerto Rico’s recovery from Hurricane Maria in 2017 has been hindered by longtime impediments to economic growth and resiliency, including the Jones Act; and Whereas, Hurricane Fiona’s impact on Puerto Rico in 2022 was exacerbated by fact that the island had not fully recovered from Maria five years earlier; and Whereas, The federal government has regularly granted Puerto Rico waivers from the Jones Act following hurricanes including Fiona and Maria, and has permanently exempted other United States overseas territories from the Act; and Whereas, Economists across the ideological spectrum have condemned the Jones Act; and Whereas, The United States’ shipping industry has radically shrunk in the century since the Jones Act passed, demonstrating that it failed in its protectionist purpose ; now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Council of the City of New York calls on the U.S. Congress to repeal the Merchant Marine Act of 1920, commonly known as the “Jones Act.” LS # 10782 AY 11/9/2022 Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text) Details Details Details Details Reports Reports Reports Reports File #: File #: Res 0387-2022 Version: * Res 0387-2022 Version: * Name: Name: U.S. Congress to repeal the Merchant Marine Act of 1920, commonly known as the “Jones Act”. U.S. Congress to repeal the Merchant Marine Act of 1920, commonly known as the “Jones Act”. Type: Type: Resolution Resolution Status: Status: Adopted Adopted   Committee: Committee: Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations On agenda: On agenda: 11/22/2022 11/22/2022   Enactment date: Enactment date:   Law number: Law number:   Title: Title: Resolution calling on the U.S. Congress to repeal the Merchant Marine Act of 1920, commonly known as the "Jones Act". Resolution calling on the U.S. Congress to repeal the Merchant Marine Act of 1920, commonly known as the "Jones Act". Sponsors: Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Rafael Salamanca, Jr. , Rita C. Joseph , Amanda Farías , Farah N. Louis , Carmen N. De La Rosa , Shahana K. Hanif , Tiffany Cabán , Alexa Avilés , Marjorie Velázquez , Carlina Rivera , James F. Gennaro , Public Advocate Jumaane Williams Diana I. Ayala , Rafael Salamanca, Jr. , Rita C. Joseph , Amanda Farías , Farah N. Louis , Carmen N. De La Rosa , Shahana K. Hanif , Tiffany Cabán , Alexa Avilés , Marjorie Velázquez , Carlina Rivera , James F. Gennaro , Public Advocate Jumaane Williams Council Member Sponsors: Council Member Sponsors: 13 13 Attachments: Attachments: 1. Res. No. 387 , 2. November 22, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 3. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 11-22-22 , 4. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - November 22, 2022 , 5. Committee Report 12/8/22 , 6. Hearing Testimony 12/8/22 , 7. Hearing Transcript 12/8/22 , 8. Committee Report 1/19/23 , 9. Hearing Transcript 1/19/23 , 10. January 19, 2023 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 11. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 1-19-23 , 12. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - January 19, 2023 1. Res. No. 387 , 2. November 22, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 3. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 11-22-22 , 4. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - November 22, 2022 , 5. Committee Report 12/8/22 , 6. Hearing Testimony 12/8/22 , 7. Hearing Transcript 12/8/22 , 8. Committee Report 1/19/23 , 9. Hearing Transcript 1/19/23 , 10. January 19, 2023 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 11. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 1-19-23 , 12. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - January 19, 2023 History (7) History (7) History (7) History (7) Text Text Text Text 7 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 7 records 7 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Date Group by Action By Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 1/19/2023 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved, by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 1/19/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 1/19/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 12/8/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 12/8/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 11/22/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 11/22/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 1/19/2023 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved, by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 1/19/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 1/19/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 12/8/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 12/8/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Laid Over by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 11/22/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 11/22/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available Res. No. 387 Res. No. 387   Resolution calling on the U.S. Congress to repeal the Merchant Marine Act of 1920, commonly known as the “Jones Act”. Resolution calling on the U.S. Congress to repeal the Merchant Marine Act of 1920, commonly known as the “Jones Act”.   By Council Members Ayala, Salamanca, Joseph, Farías, Louis, De La Rosa, Hanif, Cabán, Avilés, Velázquez, Rivera, Gennaro and the Public Advocate (Mr. Williams) By Council Members Ayala, Salamanca, Joseph, Farías, Louis, De La Rosa, Hanif, Cabán, Avilés, Velázquez, Rivera, Gennaro and the Public Advocate (Mr. Williams)   Whereas, The Merchant Marine Act of 1920, commonly known as the “Jones Act,” requires that all shipping between United States (U.S.) ports be conducted by U.S. built, flagged, crewed and owned vessels ; and Whereas, The Merchant Marine Act of 1920, commonly known as the “Jones Act,” requires that all shipping between United States (U.S.) ports be conducted by U.S. built, flagged, crewed and owned vessels ; and Whereas, The Jones Act was originally intended to promote and maintain a merchant marine industry for the sake of domestic commerce, and provide appropriate vessels and trained crews ready to assist the U.S. Navy and military in time of war or national emergency; and Whereas, The Jones Act was originally intended to promote and maintain a merchant marine industry for the sake of domestic commerce, and provide appropriate vessels and trained crews ready to assist the U.S. Navy and military in time of war or national emergency; and Whereas, Puerto Rico, a U.S. territory and island in the Caribbean, is almost entirely reliant on shipping for the receipt of goods; and Whereas, Puerto Rico, a U.S. territory and island in the Caribbean, is almost entirely reliant on shipping for the receipt of goods; and Whereas, Therefore, the requirements of the Jones Act affect the cost of nearly every product Puerto Ricans consume; and Whereas, Therefore, the requirements of the Jones Act affect the cost of nearly every product Puerto Ricans consume; and Whereas, a 2019 analysis conducted by consulting firm John Dunham & Associates estimated the Act increased the cost of shipping to Puerto Rico by $568.9 million and overall consumer prices by $1.1 billion, prevented the creation of 13,250 jobs paying $337 million in wages, and reduced tax revenues by $106.4 million; and Whereas, a 2019 analysis conducted by consulting firm John Dunham & Associates estimated the Act increased the cost of shipping to Puerto Rico by $568.9 million and overall consumer prices by $1.1 billion, prevented the creation of 13,250 jobs paying $337 million in wages, and reduced tax revenues by $106.4 million; and Whereas, Puerto Rico’s recovery from Hurricane Maria in 2017 has been hindered by longtime impediments to economic growth and resiliency, including the Jones Act; and Whereas, Puerto Rico’s recovery from Hurricane Maria in 2017 has been hindered by longtime impediments to economic growth and resiliency, including the Jones Act; and Whereas, Hurricane Fiona’s impact on Puerto Rico in 2022 was exacerbated by fact that the island had not fully recovered from Maria five years earlier; and Whereas, Hurricane Fiona’s impact on Puerto Rico in 2022 was exacerbated by fact that the island had not fully recovered from Maria five years earlier; and Whereas, The federal government has regularly granted Puerto Rico waivers from the Jones Act following hurricanes including Fiona and Maria, and has permanently exempted other United States overseas territories from the Act; and Whereas, The federal government has regularly granted Puerto Rico waivers from the Jones Act following hurricanes including Fiona and Maria, and has permanently exempted other United States overseas territories from the Act; and Whereas, Economists across the ideological spectrum have condemned the Jones Act; and Whereas, Economists across the ideological spectrum have condemned the Jones Act; and Whereas, The United States’ shipping industry has radically shrunk in the century since the Jones Act passed, demonstrating that it failed in its protectionist purpose ; now, therefore, be it Whereas, The United States’ shipping industry has radically shrunk in the century since the Jones Act passed, demonstrating that it failed in its protectionist purpose ; now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Council of the City of New York calls on the U.S. Congress to repeal the Merchant Marine Act of 1920, commonly known as the “Jones Act.” Resolved, That the Council of the City of New York calls on the U.S. Congress to repeal the Merchant Marine Act of 1920, commonly known as the “Jones Act.”     LS # 10782 LS # 10782 AY AY 11/9/2022 11/9/2022     Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text)

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/LegislationDetail.aspx?ID=4133008&GUID=6B7FDD49-29ED-4330-B1B7-AA8FC9F2DAD1&Options=Advanced&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Reports File #: Int 1685-2019 Version: * A Name: Providing age discrimination training to city agencies. Type: Introduction Status: Enacted Committee: Committee on Civil and Human Rights On agenda: 9/12/2019 Enactment date: 12/20/2020 Law number: 2020/121 Title: A Local Law to amend the New York city charter, in relation to providing age discrimination training to city agencies. Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Margaret S. Chin , Farah N. Louis , Ben Kallos , Mathieu Eugene , Ruben Diaz, Sr. , Paul A. Vallone , Deborah L. Rose , Adrienne E. Adams , Helen K. Rosenthal , Inez D. Barron , Carlina Rivera Council Member Sponsors: 12 Summary: This bill requires all City agencies to provide age discrimination training to their employees every two years. The training would be developed by the Department of Citywide Administrative Services and the Commission on Human Rights. Attachments: 1. Summary of Int. No. 1685-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 1685 , 3. Int. No. 1685 , 4. September 12, 2019 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 9-12-19 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - September 12, 2019 , 7. Committee Report 10/8/19 , 8. Hearing Testimony 10/8/19 , 9. Hearing Transcript 10/8/19 , 10. Proposed Int. No. 1685-A - 11/12/20 , 11. Committee Report 11/19/20 , 12. Hearing Transcript 11/19/20 , 13. Committee Report - Stated Meeting , 14. November 19, 2020 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 15. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  11-19-20 , 16. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - November 19, 2020 , 17. Int. No. 1685-A (FINAL) , 18. Fiscal Impact Statement , 19. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor , 20. Local Law 121 History (14) Text 14 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 12/21/2020 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Returned Unsigned by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 12/20/2020 A Diana I. Ayala Administration City Charter Rule Adopted Action details Meeting details Not available 11/19/2020 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 11/19/2020 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 11/19/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Civil and Human Rights Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 11/19/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Civil and Human Rights Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 11/19/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Civil and Human Rights Amended by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 11/19/2020 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Civil and Human Rights Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 10/8/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Aging Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 10/8/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Aging Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 10/8/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Civil and Human Rights Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 10/8/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Civil and Human Rights Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 9/12/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 9/12/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available Int. No. 1685-A By Council Members Ayala, Chin, Louis, Kallos, Eugene, R. Diaz, Vallone, Rose, Adams, Rosenthal, Barron and Rivera A Local Law to amend the New York city charter, in relation to providing age discrimination training to city agencies. Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Section 1. Chapter 35 of the New York city charter is amended by adding a new section 815.2 to read as follows: § 815.2. Age discrimination training. a. The department, in consultation with the commission on human rights, shall create training, including materials, to identify, prevent and eliminate age discrimination in the workplace. b. The head of each agency, in consultation with the department, shall ensure that each employee of such agency receives age discrimination training biennially. Such training may be provided in combination with other training on equal employment provided to the agency’s employees. § 2. This local law takes effect 120 days after it becomes law. NJC/BAM LS 11312 11/10/2020 Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text) Details Details Details Details Reports Reports Reports Reports File #: File #: Int 1685-2019 Version: * A Int 1685-2019 Version: Name: Name: Providing age discrimination training to city agencies. Providing age discrimination training to city agencies. Type: Type: Introduction Introduction Status: Status: Enacted Enacted   Committee: Committee: Committee on Civil and Human Rights On agenda: On agenda: 9/12/2019 9/12/2019   Enactment date: Enactment date: 12/20/2020 12/20/2020 Law number: Law number: 2020/121 2020/121 Title: Title: A Local Law to amend the New York city charter, in relation to providing age discrimination training to city agencies. A Local Law to amend the New York city charter, in relation to providing age discrimination training to city agencies. Sponsors: Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Margaret S. Chin , Farah N. Louis , Ben Kallos , Mathieu Eugene , Ruben Diaz, Sr. , Paul A. Vallone , Deborah L. Rose , Adrienne E. Adams , Helen K. Rosenthal , Inez D. Barron , Carlina Rivera Diana I. Ayala , Margaret S. Chin , Farah N. Louis , Ben Kallos , Mathieu Eugene , Ruben Diaz, Sr. , Paul A. Vallone , Deborah L. Rose , Adrienne E. Adams , Helen K. Rosenthal , Inez D. Barron , Carlina Rivera Council Member Sponsors: Council Member Sponsors: 12 12 Summary: Summary: This bill requires all City agencies to provide age discrimination training to their employees every two years. The training would be developed by the Department of Citywide Administrative Services and the Commission on Human Rights. This bill requires all City agencies to provide age discrimination training to their employees every two years. The training would be developed by the Department of Citywide Administrative Services and the Commission on Human Rights. Attachments: Attachments: 1. Summary of Int. No. 1685-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 1685 , 3. Int. No. 1685 , 4. September 12, 2019 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 9-12-19 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - September 12, 2019 , 7. Committee Report 10/8/19 , 8. Hearing Testimony 10/8/19 , 9. Hearing Transcript 10/8/19 , 10. Proposed Int. No. 1685-A - 11/12/20 , 11. Committee Report 11/19/20 , 12. Hearing Transcript 11/19/20 , 13. Committee Report - Stated Meeting , 14. November 19, 2020 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 15. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  11-19-20 , 16. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - November 19, 2020 , 17. Int. No. 1685-A (FINAL) , 18. Fiscal Impact Statement , 19. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor , 20. Local Law 121 1. Summary of Int. No. 1685-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 1685 , 3. Int. No. 1685 , 4. September 12, 2019 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 9-12-19 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - September 12, 2019 , 7. Committee Report 10/8/19 , 8. Hearing Testimony 10/8/19 , 9. Hearing Transcript 10/8/19 , 10. Proposed Int. No. 1685-A - 11/12/20 , 11. Committee Report 11/19/20 , 12. Hearing Transcript 11/19/20 , 13. Committee Report - Stated Meeting , 14. November 19, 2020 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 15. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  11-19-20 , 16. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - November 19, 2020 , 17. Int. No. 1685-A (FINAL) , 18. Fiscal Impact Statement , 19. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor , 20. Local Law 121 History (14) History (14) History (14) History (14) Text Text Text Text 14 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 14 records 14 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Date Group by Action By Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 12/21/2020 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Returned Unsigned by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 12/20/2020 A Diana I. Ayala Administration City Charter Rule Adopted Action details Meeting details Not available 11/19/2020 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 11/19/2020 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 11/19/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Civil and Human Rights Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 11/19/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Civil and Human Rights Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 11/19/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Civil and Human Rights Amended by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 11/19/2020 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Civil and Human Rights Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 10/8/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Aging Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 10/8/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Aging Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 10/8/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Civil and Human Rights Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 10/8/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Civil and Human Rights Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 9/12/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 9/12/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 12/21/2020 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Returned Unsigned by Mayor  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 12/20/2020 A Diana I. Ayala Administration City Charter Rule Adopted  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 11/19/2020 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 11/19/2020 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 11/19/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Civil and Human Rights Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 11/19/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Civil and Human Rights Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 11/19/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Civil and Human Rights Amended by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 11/19/2020 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Civil and Human Rights Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 10/8/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Aging Laid Over by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 10/8/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Aging Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 10/8/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Civil and Human Rights Laid Over by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 10/8/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Civil and Human Rights Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 9/12/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 9/12/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available Int. No. 1685-A Int. No. 1685-A   By Council Members Ayala, Chin, Louis, Kallos, Eugene, R. Diaz, Vallone, Rose, Adams, Rosenthal, Barron and Rivera By Council Members Ayala, Chin, Louis, Kallos, Eugene, R. Diaz, Vallone, Rose, Adams, Rosenthal, Barron and Rivera   A Local Law to amend the New York city charter, in relation to providing age discrimination training to city agencies. A Local Law to amend the New York city charter, in relation to providing age discrimination training to city agencies.   Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Be it enacted by the Council as follows:   Section 1. Chapter 35 of the New York city charter is amended by adding a new section 815.2 to read as follows: Section 1. Chapter 35 of the New York city charter is amended by adding a new section 815.2 to read as follows: § 815.2. Age discrimination training. a. The department, in consultation with the commission on human rights, shall create training, including materials, to identify, prevent and eliminate age discrimination in the workplace. § 815.2. Age discrimination training. a. The department, in consultation with the commission on human rights, shall create training, including materials, to identify, prevent and eliminate age discrimination in the workplace. b. The head of each agency, in consultation with the department, shall ensure that each employee of such agency receives age discrimination training biennially. Such training may be provided in combination with other training on equal employment provided to the agency’s employees.  b. The head of each agency, in consultation with the department, shall ensure that each employee of such agency receives age discrimination training biennially. Such training may be provided in combination with other training on equal employment provided to the agency’s employees. § 2. This local law takes effect 120 days after it becomes law. § 2. This local law takes effect 120 days after it becomes law.           NJC/BAM NJC/BAM LS 11312 LS 11312 11/10/2020 11/10/2020 Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text)

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/LegislationDetail.aspx?ID=5691571&GUID=21C87B9A-217D-47E6-AF5A-7DA6D3C6AA33&Options=Advanced&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Reports File #: Res 0223-2022 Version: * Name: Establishing for Fiscal 2023 a zero percent increase of the current base proportion of any class over the adjusted base proportion of the immediately preceding year for purposes of determining the current base proportion. Type: Resolution Status: Adopted Committee: Committee on Finance On agenda: 6/13/2022 Enactment date: Law number: Title: Resolution establishing for Fiscal 2023 a zero percent increase of the current base proportion of any class over the adjusted base proportion of the immediately preceding year for purposes of determining the current base proportion. Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala Council Member Sponsors: 1 Attachments: 1. Res. No. 223 , 2. Committee Report , 3. Hearing Transcript , 4. June 13, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  6-13-22 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 13, 2022 History (5) Text 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved, by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance P-C Item Approved by Comm Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Preconsidered Res. No. 223 Resolution establishing for Fiscal 2023 a zero percent increase of the current base proportion of any class over the adjusted base proportion of the immediately preceding year for purposes of determining the current base proportion. By Council Member Ayala Whereas, Section 1803-b(1)(b) of the Real Property Tax Law requires the New York City Council (the “Council”) to distribute the tax levy among the four classes of real property based on the adjusted base proportions as computed by the Council; and Whereas, Pursuant to section 1803-a(1)(5) of the Real Property Tax Law , the adjusted base proportions are computed using the current base proportions as calculated by the Council; and Whereas, Section 1803-a(1)(c) of the Real Property Tax Law requires that if any increase in the current base proportion for any class of real property, as compared with the previous year's adjusted base proportion for such class of property, shall exceed five percent, such excess over five percent must be shifted to any other class of property (this percent limit to be known as the “Class Share Cap”); and Whereas, Notwithstanding the provisions of section 1803-a(1)(c) of the Real Property Tax Law , for Fiscal 2023, pursuant to Chapter 215 of the Laws of 2022, the Council is authorized to adjust the class share cap by changing the percent increase of the current base proportion of any class over its adjusted base proportion of the immediately preceding year for purposes of determining the current base proportion, provided that such percent increase shall be no more than five percent, and provided further that such determination must be made by October 1, 2022; and Whereas, For Fiscal 2023, the Council has determined to set a limit of zero percent of the current base proportion of any class over the adjusted base proportion of the immediately preceding year for purposes of determining the current base proportion; now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Council of the City of New York establishes for Fiscal 2023 a zero percent increase of the current base proportion of any class over the adjusted base proportion of the immediately preceding year for purposes of determining the current base proportion. LS #9647 MMB 6/10/22; 10:53 a.m. Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text) Details Details Details Details Reports Reports Reports Reports File #: File #: Res 0223-2022 Version: * Res 0223-2022 Version: * Name: Name: Establishing for Fiscal 2023 a zero percent increase of the current base proportion of any class over the adjusted base proportion of the immediately preceding year for purposes of determining the current base proportion. Establishing for Fiscal 2023 a zero percent increase of the current base proportion of any class over the adjusted base proportion of the immediately preceding year for purposes of determining the current base proportion. Type: Type: Resolution Resolution Status: Status: Adopted Adopted   Committee: Committee: Committee on Finance On agenda: On agenda: 6/13/2022 6/13/2022   Enactment date: Enactment date:   Law number: Law number:   Title: Title: Resolution establishing for Fiscal 2023 a zero percent increase of the current base proportion of any class over the adjusted base proportion of the immediately preceding year for purposes of determining the current base proportion. Resolution establishing for Fiscal 2023 a zero percent increase of the current base proportion of any class over the adjusted base proportion of the immediately preceding year for purposes of determining the current base proportion. Sponsors: Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala Diana I. Ayala Council Member Sponsors: Council Member Sponsors: 1 1 Attachments: Attachments: 1. Res. No. 223 , 2. Committee Report , 3. Hearing Transcript , 4. June 13, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  6-13-22 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 13, 2022 1. Res. No. 223 , 2. Committee Report , 3. Hearing Transcript , 4. June 13, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  6-13-22 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 13, 2022 History (5) History (5) History (5) History (5) Text Text Text Text 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 5 records 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Date Group by Action By Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved, by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance P-C Item Approved by Comm Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved, by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Hearing on P-C Item by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance P-C Item Approved by Comm Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available Preconsidered Res. No. 223 Preconsidered Res. No. 223   Resolution establishing for Fiscal 2023 a zero percent increase of the current base proportion of any class over the adjusted base proportion of the immediately preceding year for purposes of determining the current base proportion. Resolution establishing for Fiscal 2023 a zero percent increase of the current base proportion of any class over the adjusted base proportion of the immediately preceding year for purposes of determining the current base proportion.   By Council Member Ayala By Council Member Ayala Whereas, Section 1803-b(1)(b) of the Real Property Tax Law requires the New York City Council (the “Council”) to distribute the tax levy among the four classes of real property based on the adjusted base proportions as computed by the Council; and Whereas, Section 1803-b(1)(b) of the Real Property Tax Law requires the New York City Council (the “Council”) to distribute the tax levy among the four classes of real property based on the adjusted base proportions as computed by the Council; and Whereas, Pursuant to section 1803-a(1)(5) of the Real Property Tax Law , the adjusted base proportions are computed using the current base proportions as calculated by the Council; and Whereas, Pursuant to section 1803-a(1)(5) of the Real Property Tax Law , the adjusted base proportions are computed using the current base proportions as calculated by the Council; and Whereas, Section 1803-a(1)(c) of the Real Property Tax Law requires that if any increase in the current base proportion for any class of real property, as compared with the previous year's adjusted base proportion for such class of property, shall exceed five percent, such excess over five percent must be shifted to any other class of property (this percent limit to be known as the “Class Share Cap”); and Whereas, Section 1803-a(1)(c) of the Real Property Tax Law requires that if any increase in the current base proportion for any class of real property, as compared with the previous year's adjusted base proportion for such class of property, shall exceed five percent, such excess over five percent must be shifted to any other class of property (this percent limit to be known as the “Class Share Cap”); and Whereas, Notwithstanding the provisions of section 1803-a(1)(c) of the Real Property Tax Law , for Fiscal 2023, pursuant to Chapter 215 of the Laws of 2022, the Council is authorized to adjust the class share cap by changing the percent increase of the current base proportion of any class over its adjusted base proportion of the immediately preceding year for purposes of determining the current base proportion, provided that such percent increase shall be no more than five percent, and provided further that such determination must be made by October 1, 2022; and Whereas, Notwithstanding the provisions of section 1803-a(1)(c) of the Real Property Tax Law , for Fiscal 2023, pursuant to Chapter 215 of the Laws of 2022, the Council is authorized to adjust the class share cap by changing the percent increase of the current base proportion of any class over its adjusted base proportion of the immediately preceding year for purposes of determining the current base proportion, provided that such percent increase shall be no more than five percent, and provided further that such determination must be made by October 1, 2022; and Whereas, For Fiscal 2023, the Council has determined to set a limit of zero percent of the current base proportion of any class over the adjusted base proportion of the immediately preceding year for purposes of determining the current base proportion; now, therefore, be it Whereas, For Fiscal 2023, the Council has determined to set a limit of zero percent of the current base proportion of any class over the adjusted base proportion of the immediately preceding year for purposes of determining the current base proportion; now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Council of the City of New York establishes for Fiscal 2023 a zero percent increase of the current base proportion of any class over the adjusted base proportion of the immediately preceding year for purposes of determining the current base proportion. Resolved, That the Council of the City of New York establishes for Fiscal 2023 a zero percent increase of the current base proportion of any class over the adjusted base proportion of the immediately preceding year for purposes of determining the current base proportion. LS #9647 LS #9647 MMB MMB 6/10/22; 10:53 a.m. 6/10/22; 10:53 a.m. Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text)

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/LegislationDetail.aspx?ID=5570408&GUID=3DC58C06-6D5D-4A43-A26B-954B4D742305&Options=Advanced&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Reports File #: Int 0212-2022 Version: * A B Name: Updating the report on utilization of and applications for multi-agency emergency housing assistance, exits from city-administered facilities and the financings, starts and completions of permanent housing for those exiting city-administered facilities. Type: Introduction Status: Enacted Committee: Committee on General Welfare On agenda: 4/28/2022 Enactment date: 8/14/2022 Law number: 2022/079 Title: A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to updating the report on utilization of and applications for multi-agency emergency housing assistance, exits from city-administered facilities and the financings, starts and completions of permanent housing for those exiting city-administered facilities Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Pierina Ana Sanchez , Althea V.  Stevens , Nantasha M. Williams , Lincoln Restler , Shekar Krishnan , Sandy Nurse , Julie Won , Farah N. Louis , Shahana K. Hanif , Carmen N. De La Rosa , Sandra Ung , Lynn C. Schulman , Eric Dinowitz , Tiffany Cabán , Jennifer Gutiérrez , Gale A. Brewer , Shaun Abreu , Erik D. Bottcher , Amanda Farías , Mercedes Narcisse , Alexa Avilés , Kevin C. Riley Council Member Sponsors: 23 Summary: Local Law 37 of 2011 requires a monthly report on emergency housing assistance usage. This bill would require that report to be updated to include information on the total number of all individuals utilizing emergency housing in the City and the total number of families with children, adult families, single men, and single women utilizing temporary emergency housing. The bill would additionally require the Mayor’s Office of Operations to report on the exits from various City-administered facilities, including Department of Youth and Community Development (DYCD), Department of Homeless Services (DHS), Department of Housing Preservation and Development (HPD) and Human Resources Administration (HRA) facilities. Finally, the bill would require the Mayor’s Office of Operations (MOO) to report on the financings, starts and completions of permanent housing for those exiting City-administered facilities. In addition, this bill would make related technical amendments. Indexes: Report Required Attachments: 1. Summary of Int. No. 212-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 212 , 3. Int. No. 212 , 4. April 28, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  4-28-22 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - April 28, 2022 , 7. Committee Report 5/3/22 , 8. Hearing Testimony 5/3/22 , 9. Hearing Transcript 5/3/22 , 10. Proposed Int. No. 212-A - 6/9/22 , 11. Proposed Int. No. 212-B - 7/8/22 , 12. Committee Report 7/13/22 , 13. Hearing Transcript 7/13/22 , 14. July 14, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 15. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  7-14-22 , 16. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - July 14, 2022 , 17. Int. No. 212-B (FINAL) , 18. Fiscal Impact Statement , 19. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor , 20. Local Law 79 History (12) Text 12 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 8/15/2022 B Diana I. Ayala City Council Returned Unsigned by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 8/14/2022 B Diana I. Ayala Administration City Charter Rule Adopted Action details Meeting details Not available 7/14/2022 B Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 7/14/2022 B Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 7/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 7/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 7/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Amended by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 7/13/2022 B Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 5/3/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 5/3/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 4/28/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 4/28/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available Int. No. 212-B By Council Members Ayala, Sanchez, Stevens, Williams, Restler, Krishnan, Nurse, Won, Louis, Hanif, De La Rosa, Ung, Schulman, Dinowitz, Cabán, Gutiérrez, Brewer, Abreu, Bottcher, Farías, Narcisse, Avilés and Riley A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to updating the report on utilization of and applications for multi-agency emergency housing assistance, exits from city-administered facilities and the financings, starts and completions of permanent housing for those exiting city-administered facilities Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Section 1. Section 3-113 of the administrative code of the city of New York, as added by local law number 37 for the year 2011, is amended to read as follows: [§ 3-113] § 3-119.6 Reporting requirements regarding multi-agency emergency housing assistance. a. Definitions. For the purposes of this section, the following terms [shall] have the following meanings: [(1) "Adult" shall mean] 421-a affordable housing. The term “421-a affordable housing” means dwelling units in a multiple dwelling that is receiving real property tax exemption benefits pursuant to section 421-a of the real property tax law by meeting the affordability requirements of such section where such dwelling units, upon initial rental and upon each subsequent rental following a vacancy during the applicable restriction period, are affordable to and restricted to occupancy by individuals or families whose household income does not exceed the specified percent of the area median income, adjusted for family size, when such household initially occupies such dwelling unit; Adult. The term “adult” means an individual 18 years of age or older; [(2) "Adult families" shall mean] Adult families. The term “adult families” means families comprised of adults and no children under the age of 18; [(3) "Children" shall mean] Children. The term “children” means individuals under the age of 18 physically accompanied by a parent or legal guardian ; [(4) "City-administered facilities" shall mean] City-administered facilities. The term “city-administered facilities” means hotels, shelters , stabilization beds, safe havens, veterans shelters, faith-based centers, short-term reentry housing, overnight drop-in centers and other accommodations or associated services, managed by or provided under contract or similar agreement with any city agency, provided to individuals or families who need temporary emergency housing or assistance finding or maintaining stable housing; City-financed homeless set-aside housing units. The term “city-financed homeless set-aside housing units” means affordable housing set aside for formerly homeless households that is financed with city funds in accordance with section 26-2802; [(5) "DHS" shall mean] DHS. The term “DHS” means the department of homeless services; [(6) "DHS-administered facilities" shall mean] DHS-administered facilities. The term “DHS-administered facilities” means city-administered facilities managed directly by DHS or by a provider under contract or similar agreement with DHS; [(7) "DHS drop-in centers" shall mean] DHS drop-in centers. The term “DHS drop-in centers” means city-administered facilities that provide single adults with hot meals, showers, laundry facilities, clothing, medical care, recreational space, employment referrals and/or housing placement services, but not overnight housing; [(8) "DHS faith-based beds" shall mean] DHS faith-based beds. The term “DHS faith-based beds” means city-administered facilities that provide overnight housing to individuals, are affiliated with one or more religious groups and receive client referrals through organizations under contract with DHS; [(9) "DHS safe havens" shall mean] DHS safe havens. The term “DHS safe havens” means city-administered facilities that provide low-threshold, harm-reduction housing to [chronic] street homeless individuals, who are referred to such facilities through a DHS outreach program, without the obligation of entering into other supportive and rehabilitative services in order to reduce barriers to temporary housing; [(10) "DHS stabilization beds" shall mean] DHS stabilization beds. The term “DHS stabilization beds” means city-administered facilities that provide a short-term housing option for a [chronic] street homeless individual while such individual works with his/her outreach team to locate a more permanent housing option; [(11) "DHS veterans shelters" shall mean] DHS veterans shelters. The term “DHS veterans shelters” means city-administered facilities that provide short-term housing for people who actively served in the United States military; [(12) "DYCD" shall mean] DYCD. The term “DYCD” means the department of youth and community development; [(13) "DYCD-administered crisis shelters" shall mean] DYCD-administered runaway and homeless youth crisis services programs. The term “DYCD-administered runaway and homeless youth crisis services programs” means city-administered facilities that provide short-term emergency housing for runaway and homeless youth and are managed by a provider under contract or similar agreement with DYCD; [(14) "DYCD-administered drop-in centers" shall mean] DYCD-administered drop-in centers. The term “DYCD-administered drop-in centers” means city-administered facilities that provide runaway and homeless youth and their families with services, counseling and referrals from trained youth workers; [(15) "DYCD-administered facilities" shall mean] DYCD-administered facilities. The term “DYCD-administered facilities” means city-administered facilities managed by a provider under contract or similar agreement with DYCD; [(16) "DYCD-administered transitional independent living facilities" shall mean] DYCD-administered transitional independent living support programs. The term “DYCD-administered transitional independent living support programs” means city-administered facilities that provide long-term residential services to runaway and homeless youth for up to 18 months and are managed by a provider under contract or similar agreement with DYCD; Empire state supportive housing initiative. The term “empire state supportive housing initiative” means the state supportive housing services and operating program; [(17) "Families with children" shall mean] Families with children. The term “families with children” means families with children under the age of 18, couples including at least one pregnant woman, single pregnant women, or parents or grandparents with a pregnant individual; HASA. The term “HASA” means the HIV/AIDS services administration within HRA; HDC. The term “HDC” means the housing development corporation; Homeless youth. The term “homeless youth” means individuals under the age of 18 experiencing homelessness who are not in the physical custody of a parent or guardian or individuals aged 18 to 24 who are experiencing homelessness; Housing New York. The term “Housing New York” means the city’s affordable housing plan and any subsequent iteration of such plan; [(18) "HPD" shall mean] HPD. The term “HPD” means the department of housing preservation and development; [(19) "HPD-administered facilities" shall mean] HPD-administered facilities. The term “HPD-administered facilities” means city-administered facilities managed by a provider under contract or similar agreement with HPD; [(20) "HPD emergency facilities" shall mean] HPD emergency facilities. The term “HPD emergency facilities” means shelters providing emergency shelter managed by a provider under contract or similar agreement with HPD; [(21) "HPD emergency hotels" shall mean] HPD emergency hotels. The term “HPD emergency hotels” means hotels managed by a provider under contract or similar agreement with HPD providing emergency shelter to individuals or families displaced from their homes [managed by a provider under contract or similar agreement with HPD] by emergencies, such as fire or flooding, or city-issued vacate orders ; [(22) "HRA" shall mean] HRA. The term “HRA” means the human resources administration; [(23) "HRA-administered facilities" shall mean] HRA-administered facilities. The term “HRA-administered facilities” means city-administered facilities managed directly by HRA or by a provider under contract or similar agreement with HRA, excluding non-emergency supportive housing; [(24) "HRA domestic violence shelters" shall mean] HRA domestic violence shelters. The term “HRA domestic violence shelters” means shelters for victims of domestic violence managed directly by HRA or by a provider under contract or similar agreement with HRA; [(25) "HRA HASA emergency housing" shall mean] HRA HASA emergency housing. The term “HRA HASA emergency housing” means single room occupancy hotels managed by a provider under contract or similar agreement with HRA to provide emergency shelter for recipients of services from the HIV/AIDS Services Administration; [(26) "HRA HASA transitional housing" shall mean] HRA HASA transitional housing. The term “HRA HASA transitional housing” means congregate facilities managed by a provider under contract or similar agreement with HRA to provide emergency shelter for recipients of services from the HIV/AIDS Services Administration; [and; and] JISH. The term “JISH” means the city’s justice-involved supportive housing program; Mandatory inclusionary housing. The term “mandatory inclusionary housing” means the affordable housing units as defined in section 23-911 of the zoning resolution of the city of New York that are created pursuant to the city program requiring permanently affordable housing when developers build in a mandatory inclusionary housing area as defined in section 12-10 of such zoning resolution, whether rezoned as part of a city neighborhood plan or a private rezoning application in accordance with such zoning resolution; New York city 15/15. The term “New York city 15/15” means the New York city 15/15 supportive housing program that is financed with city funds and administered by the city; New York/New York. The term “New York/New York” means the New York/New York supportive housing programs that are jointly financed and administered by the city and state; Other affordable housing. The term “other affordable housing” means affordable housing consisting of 421-a affordable housing, Housing New York, mandatory inclusionary housing and NYCHA public housing; Rental subsidy. The term “rental subsidy” means financial assistance provided by the department of social services for the purpose of paying a recipient’s rent on an ongoing basis including, but not limited to, the city fighting homelessness and eviction prevention supplement, the special one-time assistance program, the fair market rent pilot program subsidy, the family homelessness and eviction prevention supplements, the home tenant-based rental assistance program, and any successor program to the foregoing programs. The term “rental subsidy” also includes federal rental assistance pursuant to the section 8 project-based rental assistance program, or any successor program, or any programs under the United States housing act of 1937, as amended, providing rental assistance for the purpose of paying a recipient’s rent; Short-term reentry housing. The term “short-term reentry housing” means JISH and any facility managed directly by the mayor’s office of criminal justice or by a provider under contract or similar agreement with the mayor’s office of criminal justice; Supportive housing. The term “supportive housing” means the empire state supportive housing initiative, federal department of housing and urban development and veterans administration supportive housing, HASA supportive housing, JISH, New York city 15/15, and New York/New York; and [(27) "Unduplicated" shall mean] Unduplicated. The term “unduplicated” means counted only once within the reporting period. b. Reports of citywide utilization data. [The mayor's office of operations shall create a portal on the NYCStat page of the city’s website, or any successor pages of such website that are substantially similar in form and function, in order to publish citywide data regarding the utilization of city-administered facilities.] Commencing on November 1, 2011, and no later than the first day of each month thereafter, the mayor's office of operations shall for each month, calendar year and fiscal year [publish via such portal the] post the following information, if known, on its website and the single web portal established pursuant to section 23-502, provided that any information listed in this subdivision that was not required to be included in reports commencing on November 1, 2011, shall be included in reports commencing on July 1, 2023 : [(1)] 1. the average daily overnight census[ for each of the following categories: A. DHS drop-in centers, disaggregated by single men, single women and total single adults; and B. DHS faith-based facilities, disaggregated by single men, single women and total single adults. (2) average daily overnight census; and, (3) number of unduplicated persons or families utilizing city-administered facilities for each of the following categories:] , disaggregated by families with children, adult families, total families, total adults in families, total children, single men, single women and total single adults; and 2. the total number of individuals utilizing city-administered facilities for each of the following categories: [C.] (a) all DHS-administered facilities, disaggregated by families with children, adult families, total families, total adults in families, total children, single men, single women and total single adults; [D.] (b) short-term reentry housing, disaggregated by single men, single women, total homeless youth and total single adults; (c) DHS drop-in centers, disaggregated by single men, single women, total homeless youth and total single adults; (d) DHS faith-based facilities, disaggregated by single men, single women, total homeless youth and total single adults; (e) DHS safe havens, disaggregated by single men, single women , total homeless youth and total single adults; [E.] (f) DHS stabilization beds, disaggregated by single men, single women , total homeless youth and total single adults; [F.] (g) DHS veterans shelters, disaggregated by single men, single women and total single adults; [G] (h) JISH housing, disaggregated by single men, single women, and total single adults; (i) HPD-administered facilities, disaggregated by families with children, adult families, total families, total adults in families, total children, single men, single women , total homeless youth and total single adults; [H.] (j) HPD emergency facilities, disaggregated by families with children, adult families, total families, total adults in families, total children, single men, single women and total single adults; [I.] (k) HPD emergency hotels, disaggregated by families with children, adult families, total families, total adults in families, total children, single men, single women and total single adults, as feasible; [J.] (l) HRA-administered facilities, disaggregated by families with children, adult families, total families, total adults in families, total children, single men, single women and total single adults; [K.] (m) HRA domestic violence shelters, disaggregated by families with children, adult families, total families, total adults in families, total children, single men, single women and total single adults; [L.] (n) HRA domestic violence Tier II/transitional shelters, disaggregated by families with children, adult families, total families, total adults in families, and total children; (o) HRA HASA emergency housing, disaggregated by families with children, adult families, total families, total adults in families, total children, single men, single women and total single adults; [M.] (p) HRA HASA transitional housing, disaggregated by families with children, adult families, total families, total adults in families, total children, single men, single women and total single adults; [and] (q) DYCD-administered facilities, disaggregated by families with children, total families, total adults in families, homeless youth, total children, single men, single women and total single adults; (r) DYCD-administered crisis services programs, disaggregated by families with children, total families, total adults in families, homeless youth, total children, single men, single women and total single adults; (s) DYCD-administered drop-in centers, disaggregated by families with children, total families, total adults in families, homeless youth, total children, single men, single women and total single adults; (t) DYCD-administered transitional independent living support programs, disaggregated by families with children, total families, total adults in families, homeless youth, total children, single men, single women and total single adults; and [N.] (u) all city-administered facilities, [excluding DYCD-administered facilities,] disaggregated by families with children, adult families, total families, total adults in families, total children, single men, single women and total single adults. [(4) average monthly utilization rates; and (5) number of unduplicated persons or families utilizing city-administered facilities for each of the following categories: A. DYCD-administered facilities, disaggregated by families with children, adult families, total families, total adults in families, total children, single men, single women and total single adults; B. DYCD-administered crisis shelters, disaggregated by families with children, adult families, total families, total adults in families, total children, single men, single women and total single adults; C. DYCD-administered drop-in centers, disaggregated by families with children, adult families, total families, total adults in families, total children, single men, single women and total single adults; and D. DYCD-administered transitional independent living facilities, disaggregated by families with children, adult families, total families, total adults in families, total children, single men, single women and total single adults. (6)] 3. the number of individuals who are on wait-lists for DYCD-administered facilities, to the extent such wait-lists exist, disaggregated by: [A.] (a) type of DYCD-administered facility; and [B.] (b) families with children, adult families, total families, homeless youth, single men, single women, and total single adults. [(7)] 4. the average length of stay , disaggregated by: [A.] (a) families with children, adult families, total families, homeless youth, single men, single women, and total single adults; [B.] (b) type of DHS-administered facility, excluding DHS drop-in centers and DHS faith-based beds; [C.] (c) type of DYCD-administered facility, excluding DYCD-administered drop-in centers; [D.] (d) type of HPD-administered facility; and [E.] (e) type of HRA-administered facility. [(8)] 5. the total number of facilities, disaggregated by DHS-administered facilities and facilities not administered by DHS. c. Application and entrance data. Commencing on November 1, 2011, and no later than the first day of each month thereafter, the mayor's office of operations shall for each month, calendar year and fiscal year [publish in] post on the same location on [the NYCStat] its website as the data posted pursuant to subdivision b of this section, the following data for those seeking admission and entrance to DHS-administered shelter facilities , provided that any information listed in this subdivision that was not required to be included in reports commencing on November 1, 2011, shall be included in reports commencing on July 1, 2023 : [(1)] 1. the total number of: [A.] (a) applications; [B.] (b) unduplicated applicants; [C.] (c) applicants found eligible for shelter; [D.] (d) entrants to [DHS administered] DHS-administered facilities; and [E.] (e) unduplicated entrants to DHS-administered facilities. The data required by subparagraphs [A, B, C, D and E] (a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) of this paragraph shall be disaggregated by families with children, adult families, total families, single men, single women, anyone of another gender, and total single adults; [(2)] 2. the number of families with children found eligible for city-administered facilities; [(3)] 3. the percentage of eligible families with children who submitted one application; [(4)] 4. the percentage of eligible families with children who submitted two applications; [(5)] 5. the percentage of eligible families with children who submitted three applications; [(6)] 6. the percentage of eligible families with children who submitted four applications; [(7)] 7. the percentage of eligible families with children who submitted five applications; [(8)] 8. the percentage of eligible families with children who submitted six applications or more; [(9)] 9. the number of adult families found eligible for city-administered facilities; [(10)] 10. the percentage of eligible adult families who submitted one application; [(11)] 11. the percentage of eligible adult families who submitted two applications; [(12)] 12. the percentage of eligible adult families who submitted three applications; [(13)] 13. the percentage of eligible adult families who submitted four applications; [(14)] 14. the percentage of eligible adult families who submitted five applications; and [(15)] 15. the percentage of eligible adult families who submitted six applications or more. d. The data required [to be published in] pursuant to subdivisions b and c [above] of this section shall be [published] posted electronically on the portal specified in subdivision b [in a commonly available non-proprietary database format that is suitable for analysis]. e. Commencing on July 1, 2023, for each month, the report required pursuant to this section shall include a cover page that lists the total number of persons utilizing all city-administered facilities listed in subdivision b of this section in the following forms: 1. a point-in-time snapshot of the last day of the relevant month that is a total of every person who stayed overnight in a city-administered facility on that night; 2. a point-in-time snapshot of the last day of the relevant month that is a total of every person who stayed in a DHS-administered facility; 3. a point-in-time snapshot of the last day of the relevant month that is a total of every person who stayed in an HPD-administered facility; 4. a point-in-time snapshot of the last day of the relevant month that is a total of every person who stayed in an HRA-administered facility; 5. a point-in-time snapshot of the last day of the relevant month that is a total of every person who stayed in a DYCD-administered residential facility, excluding DYCD-administered drop-in centers; 6. a monthly average of the number of people in all city-administered facilities as a single total; and 7. the total number of unduplicated individuals and household types and vacancies across all systems over the course of the monthly reporting period. f. Commencing on July 1, 2023, the cover page required in subdivision e of this section shall additionally include the total number of persons utilizing all city-administered facilities listed in subdivision b of this section, disaggregated by the number of adults and children under the age of 18 and the number of families with children, adult families, single men and single women. g. Reporting on exits from city-administered facilities. Commencing on July 1, 2023, and no later than the first day of each month thereafter, the mayor’s office of operations, for each month, calendar year and fiscal year, shall report to the speaker of the council and post on the mayor’s office of operations website, disaggregated information, if known, regarding the number of families with children, adult families, single adults who have not returned within two monthly reporting cycles, and runaway and homeless youth from city-administered residential facilities that exited DHS-administered facilities, DYCD-administered residential facilities, HPD-administered facilities and HRA-administered facilities and entered into the following types of housing: 1. Supportive housing; 2. City-financed homeless set-aside units, disaggregated by, units financed jointly by HPD and HDC under Housing New York, HDC set-aside units financed under Housing New York, and HPD set-aside units financed under Housing New York; 3. Section 8 voucher housing, disaggregated by NYCHA, HPD and New York state homes and community renewal, and further disaggregated by project-based or tenant-based vouchers; 4. Other affordable housing, disaggregated by 421-a affordable housing, Housing New York, mandatory inclusionary housing and other housing; 5. A private rental market apartment with a rental subsidy, disaggregated by the type of such subsidy; 6. Private housing that is not an entire apartment with a rental subsidy, disaggregated by a private room and an unsubsidized single-room occupancy that is not supportive housing; 7. A private rental market apartment with no rental subsidy, including those moving out of state; 8. Transitional housing operated by or under contract or similar agreement with DHS, DYCD, HPD, United States department of housing and urban development or HRA; 9. Discharges to settings with higher levels of medical care, disaggregated by inpatient hospitalization, medical rehabilitation centers, medical respite care and long-term care facilities; 10. Residential drug treatment and detoxification; 11. Housing of friends or family; 12. Unknown or unable to validate; 13. Rapid re-housing funded by the United States department of housing and urban development; and 14. Moved back to vacated building; h. Reporting on financing, starts and completions of permanent housing for those exiting city-administered facilities. Commencing on July 1, 2023, and no later than each month thereafter, the mayor’s office of operations for each month, calendar year and fiscal year, shall report to the speaker of the council and post on the mayor’s office of operations website, unduplicated information regarding the financings, starts and completions of the following permanent housing or subsequent iterations of such housing, set aside for individuals or families experiencing homelessness: 1. Newly constructed supportive housing units, disaggregated by service contracts funded by empire state supportive housing initiative, federal department of housing and urban development and veterans administration, HRA HASA, JISH, New York city 15/15, New York/New York and any other category the mayor’s office deems appropriate; and 2. Newly constructed city-financed homeless set-aside units, disaggregated by units financed jointly by HPD and HDC under Housing New York, HDC set-aside units financed under Housing New York and HPD set-aside units financed under Housing New York. i. No information that is required to be reported pursuant to this section shall be reported if it would violate any applicable provision of federal, state or local law relating to the privacy, confidentiality, use or disclosure of that information. j. If a category contains between one to nine households, or allows another category to be narrowed to be between one to nine households, the number shall be replaced with a symbol. A category that contains zero shall be reported as zero. § 2. This local law takes effect immediately. Session 12 ACK LS#8738 7/6/2022 9:49pm Session 11 AV LS 758 Int. 149-2018 Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text) Details Details Details Details Reports Reports Reports Reports File #: File #: Int 0212-2022 Version: * A B Int 0212-2022 Version: Name: Name: Updating the report on utilization of and applications for multi-agency emergency housing assistance, exits from city-administered facilities and the financings, starts and completions of permanent housing for those exiting city-administered facilities. Updating the report on utilization of and applications for multi-agency emergency housing assistance, exits from city-administered facilities and the financings, starts and completions of permanent housing for those exiting city-administered facilities. Type: Type: Introduction Introduction Status: Status: Enacted Enacted   Committee: Committee: Committee on General Welfare On agenda: On agenda: 4/28/2022 4/28/2022   Enactment date: Enactment date: 8/14/2022 8/14/2022 Law number: Law number: 2022/079 2022/079 Title: Title: A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to updating the report on utilization of and applications for multi-agency emergency housing assistance, exits from city-administered facilities and the financings, starts and completions of permanent housing for those exiting city-administered facilities A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to updating the report on utilization of and applications for multi-agency emergency housing assistance, exits from city-administered facilities and the financings, starts and completions of permanent housing for those exiting city-administered facilities Sponsors: Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Pierina Ana Sanchez , Althea V.  Stevens , Nantasha M. Williams , Lincoln Restler , Shekar Krishnan , Sandy Nurse , Julie Won , Farah N. Louis , Shahana K. Hanif , Carmen N. De La Rosa , Sandra Ung , Lynn C. Schulman , Eric Dinowitz , Tiffany Cabán , Jennifer Gutiérrez , Gale A. Brewer , Shaun Abreu , Erik D. Bottcher , Amanda Farías , Mercedes Narcisse , Alexa Avilés , Kevin C. Riley Diana I. Ayala , Pierina Ana Sanchez , Althea V.  Stevens , Nantasha M. Williams , Lincoln Restler , Shekar Krishnan , Sandy Nurse , Julie Won , Farah N. Louis , Shahana K. Hanif , Carmen N. De La Rosa , Sandra Ung , Lynn C. Schulman , Eric Dinowitz , Tiffany Cabán , Jennifer Gutiérrez , Gale A. Brewer , Shaun Abreu , Erik D. Bottcher , Amanda Farías , Mercedes Narcisse , Alexa Avilés , Kevin C. Riley Council Member Sponsors: Council Member Sponsors: 23 23 Summary: Summary: Local Law 37 of 2011 requires a monthly report on emergency housing assistance usage. This bill would require that report to be updated to include information on the total number of all individuals utilizing emergency housing in the City and the total number of families with children, adult families, single men, and single women utilizing temporary emergency housing. The bill would additionally require the Mayor’s Office of Operations to report on the exits from various City-administered facilities, including Department of Youth and Community Development (DYCD), Department of Homeless Services (DHS), Department of Housing Preservation and Development (HPD) and Human Resources Administration (HRA) facilities. Finally, the bill would require the Mayor’s Office of Operations (MOO) to report on the financings, starts and completions of permanent housing for those exiting City-administered facilities. In addition, this bill would make related technical amendments. Local Law 37 of 2011 requires a monthly report on emergency housing assistance usage. This bill would require that report to be updated to include information on the total number of all individuals utilizing emergency housing in the City and the total number of families with children, adult families, single men, and single women utilizing temporary emergency housing. The bill would additionally require the Mayor’s Office of Operations to report on the exits from various City-administered facilities, including Department of Youth and Community Development (DYCD), Department of Homeless Services (DHS), Department of Housing Preservation and Development (HPD) and Human Resources Administration (HRA) facilities. Finally, the bill would require the Mayor’s Office of Operations (MOO) to report on the financings, starts and completions of permanent housing for those exiting City-administered facilities. In addition, this bill would make related technical amendments. Indexes: Indexes: Report Required Report Required Attachments: Attachments: 1. Summary of Int. No. 212-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 212 , 3. Int. No. 212 , 4. April 28, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  4-28-22 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - April 28, 2022 , 7. Committee Report 5/3/22 , 8. Hearing Testimony 5/3/22 , 9. Hearing Transcript 5/3/22 , 10. Proposed Int. No. 212-A - 6/9/22 , 11. Proposed Int. No. 212-B - 7/8/22 , 12. Committee Report 7/13/22 , 13. Hearing Transcript 7/13/22 , 14. July 14, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 15. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  7-14-22 , 16. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - July 14, 2022 , 17. Int. No. 212-B (FINAL) , 18. Fiscal Impact Statement , 19. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor , 20. Local Law 79 1. Summary of Int. No. 212-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 212 , 3. Int. No. 212 , 4. April 28, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  4-28-22 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - April 28, 2022 , 7. Committee Report 5/3/22 , 8. Hearing Testimony 5/3/22 , 9. Hearing Transcript 5/3/22 , 10. Proposed Int. No. 212-A - 6/9/22 , 11. Proposed Int. No. 212-B - 7/8/22 , 12. Committee Report 7/13/22 , 13. Hearing Transcript 7/13/22 , 14. July 14, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 15. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  7-14-22 , 16. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - July 14, 2022 , 17. Int. No. 212-B (FINAL) , 18. Fiscal Impact Statement , 19. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor , 20. Local Law 79 History (12) History (12) History (12) History (12) Text Text Text Text 12 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 12 records 12 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Date Group by Action By Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 8/15/2022 B Diana I. Ayala City Council Returned Unsigned by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 8/14/2022 B Diana I. Ayala Administration City Charter Rule Adopted Action details Meeting details Not available 7/14/2022 B Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 7/14/2022 B Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 7/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 7/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 7/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Amended by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 7/13/2022 B Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 5/3/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 5/3/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 4/28/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 4/28/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 8/15/2022 B Diana I. Ayala City Council Returned Unsigned by Mayor  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 8/14/2022 B Diana I. Ayala Administration City Charter Rule Adopted  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 7/14/2022 B Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 7/14/2022 B Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 7/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 7/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 7/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Amended by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 7/13/2022 B Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 5/3/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 5/3/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Laid Over by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 4/28/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 4/28/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available Int. No. 212-B Int. No. 212-B   By Council Members Ayala, Sanchez, Stevens, Williams, Restler, Krishnan, Nurse, Won, Louis, Hanif, De La Rosa, Ung, Schulman, Dinowitz, Cabán, Gutiérrez, Brewer, Abreu, Bottcher, Farías, Narcisse, Avilés and Riley By Council Members Ayala, Sanchez, Stevens, Williams, Restler, Krishnan, Nurse, Won, Louis, Hanif, De La Rosa, Ung, Schulman, Dinowitz, Cabán, Gutiérrez, Brewer, Abreu, Bottcher, Farías, Narcisse, Avilés and Riley   A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to updating the report on utilization of and applications for multi-agency emergency housing assistance, exits from city-administered facilities and the financings, starts and completions of permanent housing for those exiting city-administered facilities A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to updating the report on utilization of and applications for multi-agency emergency housing assistance, exits from city-administered facilities and the financings, starts and completions of permanent housing for those exiting city-administered facilities   Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Section 1. Section 3-113 of the administrative code of the city of New York, as added by local law number 37 for the year 2011, is amended to read as follows: Section 1. Section 3-113 of the administrative code of the city of New York, as added by local law number 37 for the year 2011, is amended to read as follows: [§ 3-113] § 3-119.6 Reporting requirements regarding multi-agency emergency housing assistance. a. Definitions. For the purposes of this section, the following terms [shall] have the following meanings: [§ 3-113] § 3-119.6 Reporting requirements regarding multi-agency emergency housing assistance. a. Definitions. For the purposes of this section, the following terms [shall] have the following meanings: [(1) "Adult" shall mean] 421-a affordable housing. The term “421-a affordable housing” means dwelling units in a multiple dwelling that is receiving real property tax exemption benefits pursuant to section 421-a of the real property tax law by meeting the affordability requirements of such section where such dwelling units, upon initial rental and upon each subsequent rental following a vacancy during the applicable restriction period, are affordable to and restricted to occupancy by individuals or families whose household income does not exceed the specified percent of the area median income, adjusted for family size, when such household initially occupies such dwelling unit; [(1) "Adult" shall mean] 421-a affordable housing. The term “421-a affordable housing” means dwelling units in a multiple dwelling that is receiving real property tax exemption benefits pursuant to section 421-a of the real property tax law by meeting the affordability requirements of such section where such dwelling units,  upon initial rental and upon each subsequent rental following a vacancy during the applicable restriction period, are affordable to and restricted to occupancy by individuals or families whose household income does not exceed the specified percent of the area median income, adjusted for family size, when such household initially occupies such dwelling unit; Adult. The term “adult” means an individual 18 years of age or older; Adult. The term “adult” means an individual 18 years of age or older; [(2) "Adult families" shall mean] Adult families. The term “adult families” means families comprised of adults and no children under the age of 18; [(2) "Adult families" shall mean] Adult families. The term “adult families” means families comprised of adults and no children under the age of 18; [(3) "Children" shall mean] Children. The term “children” means individuals under the age of 18 physically accompanied by a parent or legal guardian ; [(3) "Children" shall mean] Children. The term “children” means individuals under the age of 18 physically accompanied by a parent or legal guardian ; [(4) "City-administered facilities" shall mean] City-administered facilities. The term “city-administered facilities” means hotels, shelters , stabilization beds, safe havens, veterans shelters, faith-based centers, short-term reentry housing, overnight drop-in centers and other accommodations or associated services, managed by or provided under contract or similar agreement with any city agency, provided to individuals or families who need temporary emergency housing or assistance finding or maintaining stable housing; [(4) "City-administered facilities" shall mean] City-administered facilities. The term “city-administered facilities” means hotels, shelters , stabilization beds, safe havens, veterans shelters, faith-based centers, short-term reentry housing, overnight drop-in centers and other accommodations or associated services, managed by or provided under contract or similar agreement with any city agency, provided to individuals or families who need temporary emergency housing or assistance finding or maintaining stable housing; City-financed homeless set-aside housing units. The term “city-financed homeless set-aside housing units” means affordable housing set aside for formerly homeless households that is financed with city funds in accordance with section 26-2802; City-financed homeless set-aside housing units. The term “city-financed homeless set-aside housing units” means affordable housing set aside for formerly homeless households that is financed with city funds in accordance with section 26-2802; [(5) "DHS" shall mean] DHS. The term “DHS” means the department of homeless services; [(5) "DHS" shall mean] DHS. The term “DHS” means the department of homeless services; [(6) "DHS-administered facilities" shall mean] DHS-administered facilities. The term “DHS-administered facilities” means city-administered facilities managed directly by DHS or by a provider under contract or similar agreement with DHS; [(6) "DHS-administered facilities" shall mean] DHS-administered facilities. The term “DHS-administered facilities” means city-administered facilities managed directly by DHS or by a provider under contract or similar agreement with DHS; [(7) "DHS drop-in centers" shall mean] DHS drop-in centers. The term “DHS drop-in centers” means city-administered facilities that provide single adults with hot meals, showers, laundry facilities, clothing, medical care, recreational space, employment referrals and/or housing placement services, but not overnight housing; [(7) "DHS drop-in centers" shall mean] DHS drop-in centers. The term “DHS drop-in centers” means city-administered facilities that provide single adults with hot meals, showers, laundry facilities, clothing, medical care, recreational space, employment referrals and/or housing placement services, but not overnight housing; [(8) "DHS faith-based beds" shall mean] DHS faith-based beds. The term “DHS faith-based beds” means city-administered facilities that provide overnight housing to individuals, are affiliated with one or more religious groups and receive client referrals through organizations under contract with DHS; [(8) "DHS faith-based beds" shall mean] DHS faith-based beds. The term “DHS faith-based beds” means city-administered facilities that provide overnight housing to individuals, are affiliated with one or more religious groups and receive client referrals through organizations under contract with DHS; [(9) "DHS safe havens" shall mean] DHS safe havens. The term “DHS safe havens” means city-administered facilities that provide low-threshold, harm-reduction housing to [chronic] street homeless individuals, who are referred to such facilities through a DHS outreach program, without the obligation of entering into other supportive and rehabilitative services in order to reduce barriers to temporary housing; [(9) "DHS safe havens" shall mean] DHS safe havens. The term “DHS safe havens” means city-administered facilities that provide low-threshold, harm-reduction housing to [chronic] street homeless individuals, who are referred to such facilities through a DHS outreach program, without the obligation of entering into other supportive and rehabilitative services in order to reduce barriers to temporary housing; [(10) "DHS stabilization beds" shall mean] DHS stabilization beds. The term “DHS stabilization beds” means city-administered facilities that provide a short-term housing option for a [chronic] street homeless individual while such individual works with his/her outreach team to locate a more permanent housing option; [(10) "DHS stabilization beds" shall mean] DHS stabilization beds. The term “DHS stabilization beds” means city-administered facilities that provide a short-term housing option for a [chronic] street homeless individual while such individual works with his/her outreach team to locate a more permanent housing option; [(11) "DHS veterans shelters" shall mean] DHS veterans shelters. The term “DHS veterans shelters” means city-administered facilities that provide short-term housing for people who actively served in the United States military; [(11) "DHS veterans shelters" shall mean] DHS veterans shelters. The term “DHS veterans shelters” means city-administered facilities that provide short-term housing for people who actively served in the United States military; [(12) "DYCD" shall mean] DYCD. The term “DYCD” means the department of youth and community development; [(12) "DYCD" shall mean] DYCD. The term “DYCD” means the department of youth and community development; [(13) "DYCD-administered crisis shelters" shall mean] DYCD-administered runaway and homeless youth crisis services programs. The term “DYCD-administered runaway and homeless youth crisis services programs” means city-administered facilities that provide short-term emergency housing for runaway and homeless youth and are managed by a provider under contract or similar agreement with DYCD; [(13) "DYCD-administered crisis shelters" shall mean] DYCD-administered runaway and homeless youth crisis services programs. The term “DYCD-administered runaway and homeless youth crisis services programs” means city-administered facilities that provide short-term emergency housing for runaway and homeless youth and are managed by a provider under contract or similar agreement with DYCD; [(14) "DYCD-administered drop-in centers" shall mean] DYCD-administered drop-in centers. The term “DYCD-administered drop-in centers” means city-administered facilities that provide runaway and homeless youth and their families with services, counseling and referrals from trained youth workers; [(14) "DYCD-administered drop-in centers" shall mean] DYCD-administered drop-in centers. The term “DYCD-administered drop-in centers” means city-administered facilities that provide runaway and homeless youth and their families with services, counseling and referrals from trained youth workers; [(15) "DYCD-administered facilities" shall mean] DYCD-administered facilities. The term “DYCD-administered facilities” means city-administered facilities managed by a provider under contract or similar agreement with DYCD; [(15) "DYCD-administered facilities" shall mean] DYCD-administered facilities. The term “DYCD-administered facilities” means city-administered facilities managed by a provider under contract or similar agreement with DYCD; [(16) "DYCD-administered transitional independent living facilities" shall mean] DYCD-administered transitional independent living support programs. The term “DYCD-administered transitional independent living support programs” means city-administered facilities that provide long-term residential services to runaway and homeless youth for up to 18 months and are managed by a provider under contract or similar agreement with DYCD; [(16) "DYCD-administered transitional independent living facilities" shall mean] DYCD-administered transitional independent living support programs. The term “DYCD-administered transitional independent living support programs” means city-administered facilities that provide long-term residential services to runaway and homeless youth for up to 18 months and are managed by a provider under contract or similar agreement with DYCD; Empire state supportive housing initiative. The term “empire state supportive housing initiative” means the state supportive housing services and operating program; Empire state supportive housing initiative. The term “empire state supportive housing initiative” means the state supportive housing services and operating program; [(17) "Families with children" shall mean] Families with children. The term “families with children” means families with children under the age of 18, couples including at least one pregnant woman, single pregnant women, or parents or grandparents with a pregnant individual; [(17) "Families with children" shall mean] Families with children. The term “families with children” means families with children under the age of 18, couples including at least one pregnant woman, single pregnant women, or parents or grandparents with a pregnant individual; HASA. The term “HASA” means the HIV/AIDS services administration within HRA; HASA. The term “HASA” means the HIV/AIDS services administration within HRA; HDC. The term “HDC” means the housing development corporation; HDC. The term “HDC” means the housing development corporation; Homeless youth. The term “homeless youth” means individuals under the age of 18 experiencing homelessness who are not in the physical custody of a parent or guardian or individuals aged 18 to 24 who are experiencing homelessness; Homeless youth. The term “homeless youth” means individuals under the age of 18 experiencing homelessness who are not in the physical custody of a parent or guardian or individuals aged 18 to 24 who are experiencing homelessness; Housing New York. The term “Housing New York” means the city’s affordable housing plan and any subsequent iteration of such plan; Housing New York. The term “Housing New York” means the city’s affordable housing plan and any subsequent iteration of such plan; [(18) "HPD" shall mean] HPD. The term “HPD” means the department of housing preservation and development; [(18) "HPD" shall mean] HPD. The term “HPD” means the department of housing preservation and development; [(19) "HPD-administered facilities" shall mean] HPD-administered facilities. The term “HPD-administered facilities” means city-administered facilities managed by a provider under contract or similar agreement with HPD; [(19) "HPD-administered facilities" shall mean] HPD-administered facilities. The term “HPD-administered facilities” means city-administered facilities managed by a provider under contract or similar agreement with HPD; [(20) "HPD emergency facilities" shall mean] HPD emergency facilities. The term “HPD emergency facilities” means shelters providing emergency shelter managed by a provider under contract or similar agreement with HPD; [(20) "HPD emergency facilities" shall mean] HPD emergency facilities. The term “HPD emergency facilities” means shelters providing emergency shelter managed by a provider under contract or similar agreement with HPD; [(21) "HPD emergency hotels" shall mean] HPD emergency hotels. The term “HPD emergency hotels” means hotels managed by a provider under contract or similar agreement with HPD providing emergency shelter to individuals or families displaced from their homes [managed by a provider under contract or similar agreement with HPD] by emergencies, such as fire or flooding, or city-issued vacate orders ; [(21) "HPD emergency hotels" shall mean] HPD emergency hotels. The term “HPD emergency hotels” means hotels managed by a provider under contract or similar agreement with HPD providing emergency shelter to individuals or families displaced from their homes [managed by a provider under contract or similar agreement with HPD] by emergencies, such as fire or flooding, or city-issued vacate orders ; [(22) "HRA" shall mean] HRA. The term “HRA” means the human resources administration; [(22) "HRA" shall mean] HRA. The term “HRA” means the human resources administration; [(23) "HRA-administered facilities" shall mean] HRA-administered facilities. The term “HRA-administered facilities” means city-administered facilities managed directly by HRA or by a provider under contract or similar agreement with HRA, excluding non-emergency supportive housing; [(23) "HRA-administered facilities" shall mean] HRA-administered facilities. The term “HRA-administered facilities” means city-administered facilities managed directly by HRA or by a provider under contract or similar agreement with HRA, excluding non-emergency supportive housing; [(24) "HRA domestic violence shelters" shall mean] HRA domestic violence shelters. The term “HRA domestic violence shelters” means shelters for victims of domestic violence managed directly by HRA or by a provider under contract or similar agreement with HRA; [(24) "HRA domestic violence shelters" shall mean] HRA domestic violence shelters. The term “HRA domestic violence shelters” means shelters for victims of domestic violence managed directly by HRA or by a provider under contract or similar agreement with HRA; [(25) "HRA HASA emergency housing" shall mean] HRA HASA emergency housing. The term “HRA HASA emergency housing” means single room occupancy hotels managed by a provider under contract or similar agreement with HRA to provide emergency shelter for recipients of services from the HIV/AIDS Services Administration; [(25) "HRA HASA emergency housing" shall mean] HRA HASA emergency housing. The term “HRA HASA emergency housing” means single room occupancy hotels managed by a provider under contract or similar agreement with HRA to provide emergency shelter for recipients of services from the HIV/AIDS Services Administration; [(26) "HRA HASA transitional housing" shall mean] HRA HASA transitional housing. The term “HRA HASA transitional housing” means congregate facilities managed by a provider under contract or similar agreement with HRA to provide emergency shelter for recipients of services from the HIV/AIDS Services Administration; [and; and] [(26) "HRA HASA transitional housing" shall mean] HRA HASA transitional housing. The term “HRA HASA transitional housing” means congregate facilities managed by a provider under contract or similar agreement with HRA to provide emergency shelter for recipients of services from the HIV/AIDS Services Administration; [and; and] JISH. The term “JISH” means the city’s justice-involved supportive housing program; JISH. The term “JISH” means the city’s justice-involved supportive housing program; Mandatory inclusionary housing. The term “mandatory inclusionary housing” means the affordable housing units as defined in section 23-911 of the zoning resolution of the city of New York that are created pursuant to the city program requiring permanently affordable housing when developers build in a mandatory inclusionary housing area as defined in section 12-10 of such zoning resolution, whether rezoned as part of a city neighborhood plan or a private rezoning application in accordance with such zoning resolution; Mandatory inclusionary housing. The term “mandatory inclusionary housing” means the affordable housing units as defined in section 23-911 of the zoning resolution of the city of New York that are created pursuant to the city program requiring permanently affordable housing when developers build in a mandatory inclusionary housing area as defined in section 12-10 of such zoning resolution, whether rezoned as part of a city neighborhood plan or a private rezoning application in accordance with such zoning resolution; New York city 15/15. The term “New York city 15/15” means the New York city 15/15 supportive housing program that is financed with city funds and administered by the city; New York city 15/15. The term “New York city 15/15” means the New York city 15/15 supportive housing program that is financed with city funds and administered by the city; New York/New York. The term “New York/New York” means the New York/New York supportive housing programs that are jointly financed and administered by the city and state; New York/New York. The term “New York/New York” means the New York/New York supportive housing programs that are jointly financed and administered by the city and state; Other affordable housing. The term “other affordable housing” means affordable housing consisting of 421-a affordable housing, Housing New York, mandatory inclusionary housing and NYCHA public housing; Other affordable housing. The term “other affordable housing” means affordable housing consisting of 421-a affordable housing, Housing New York, mandatory inclusionary housing and NYCHA public housing; Rental subsidy. The term “rental subsidy” means financial assistance provided by the department of social services for the purpose of paying a recipient’s rent on an ongoing basis including, but not limited to, the city fighting homelessness and eviction prevention supplement, the special one-time assistance program, the fair market rent pilot program subsidy, the family homelessness and eviction prevention supplements, the home tenant-based rental assistance program, and any successor program to the foregoing programs. The term “rental subsidy” also includes federal rental assistance pursuant to the section 8 project-based rental assistance program, or any successor program, or any programs under the United States housing act of 1937, as amended, providing rental assistance for the purpose of paying a recipient’s rent; Rental subsidy. The term “rental subsidy” means financial assistance provided by the department of social services for the purpose of paying a recipient’s rent on an ongoing basis including, but not limited to, the city fighting homelessness and eviction prevention supplement, the special one-time assistance program, the fair market rent pilot program subsidy, the family homelessness and eviction prevention supplements, the home tenant-based rental assistance program, and any successor program to the foregoing programs. The term “rental subsidy” also includes federal rental assistance pursuant to the section 8 project-based rental assistance program, or any successor program, or any programs under the United States housing act of 1937, as amended, providing rental assistance for the purpose of paying a recipient’s rent; Short-term reentry housing. The term “short-term reentry housing” means JISH and any facility managed directly by the mayor’s office of criminal justice or by a provider under contract or similar agreement with the mayor’s office of criminal justice; Short-term reentry housing. The term “short-term reentry housing” means JISH and any facility managed directly by the mayor’s office of criminal justice or by a provider under contract or similar agreement with the mayor’s office of criminal justice; Supportive housing. The term “supportive housing” means the empire state supportive housing initiative, federal department of housing and urban development and veterans administration supportive housing, HASA supportive housing, JISH, New York city 15/15, and New York/New York; and Supportive housing. The term “supportive housing” means the empire state supportive housing initiative, federal department of housing and urban development and veterans administration supportive housing, HASA supportive housing, JISH, New York city 15/15, and New York/New York; and [(27) "Unduplicated" shall mean] Unduplicated. The term “unduplicated” means counted only once within the reporting period. [(27) "Unduplicated" shall mean] Unduplicated. The term “unduplicated” means counted only once within the reporting period. b. Reports of citywide utilization data. [The mayor's office of operations shall create a portal on the NYCStat page of the city’s website, or any successor pages of such website that are substantially similar in form and function, in order to publish citywide data regarding the utilization of city-administered facilities.] Commencing on November 1, 2011, and no later than the first day of each month thereafter, the mayor's office of operations shall for each month, calendar year and fiscal year [publish via such portal the] post the following information, if known, on its website and the single web portal established pursuant to section 23-502, provided that any information listed in this subdivision that was not required to be included in reports commencing on November 1, 2011, shall be included in reports commencing on July 1, 2023 : b. Reports of citywide utilization data. [The mayor's office of operations shall create a portal on the NYCStat page of the city’s website, or any successor pages of such website that are substantially similar in form and function, in order to publish citywide data regarding the utilization of city-administered facilities.]  Commencing on November 1, 2011, and no later than the first day of each month thereafter, the mayor's office of operations shall for each month, calendar year and fiscal year [publish via such portal the] post the following information, if known, on its website and the single web portal established pursuant to section 23-502, provided that any information listed in this subdivision that was not required to be included in reports commencing on November 1, 2011, shall be included in reports commencing on July 1, 2023 : [(1)] 1. the average daily overnight census[ for each of the following categories: [(1)] 1. the average daily overnight census[ for each of the following categories: A. DHS drop-in centers, disaggregated by single men, single women and total single adults; and A. DHS drop-in centers, disaggregated by single men, single women and total single adults; and B. DHS faith-based facilities, disaggregated by single men, single women and total single adults. B. DHS faith-based facilities, disaggregated by single men, single women and total single adults. (2) average daily overnight census; and, (2) average daily overnight census; and, (3) number of unduplicated persons or families utilizing city-administered facilities for each of the following categories:] , disaggregated by families with children, adult families, total families, total adults in families, total children, single men, single women and total single adults; and (3) number of unduplicated persons or families utilizing city-administered facilities for each of the following categories:] , disaggregated by families with children, adult families, total families, total adults in families, total children, single men, single women and total single adults; and 2. the total number of individuals utilizing city-administered facilities for each of the following categories: 2. the total number of individuals utilizing city-administered facilities for each of the following categories: [C.] (a) all DHS-administered facilities, disaggregated by families with children, adult families, total families, total adults in families, total children, single men, single women and total single adults; [C.] (a) all DHS-administered facilities, disaggregated by families with children, adult families, total families, total adults in families, total children, single men, single women and total single adults; [D.] (b) short-term reentry housing, disaggregated by single men, single women, total homeless youth and total single adults; [D.] (b) short-term reentry housing, disaggregated by single men, single women, total homeless youth and total single adults; (c) DHS drop-in centers, disaggregated by single men, single women, total homeless youth and total single adults; (c) DHS drop-in centers, disaggregated by single men, single women, total homeless youth and total single adults; (d) DHS faith-based facilities, disaggregated by single men, single women, total homeless youth and total single adults; (d) DHS faith-based facilities, disaggregated by single men, single women, total homeless youth and total single adults; (e) DHS safe havens, disaggregated by single men, single women , total homeless youth and total single adults; (e) DHS safe havens, disaggregated by single men, single women , total homeless youth and total single adults; [E.] (f) DHS stabilization beds, disaggregated by single men, single women , total homeless youth and total single adults; [E.] (f) DHS stabilization beds, disaggregated by single men, single women , total homeless youth and total single adults; [F.] (g) DHS veterans shelters, disaggregated by single men, single women and total single adults; [F.] (g) DHS veterans shelters, disaggregated by single men, single women and total single adults; [G] (h) JISH housing, disaggregated by single men, single women, and total single adults; [G] (h) JISH housing, disaggregated by single men, single women, and total single adults; (i) HPD-administered facilities, disaggregated by families with children, adult families, total families, total adults in families, total children, single men, single women , total homeless youth and total single adults; (i) HPD-administered facilities, disaggregated by families with children, adult families, total families, total adults in families, total children, single men, single women , total homeless youth and total single adults; [H.] (j) HPD emergency facilities, disaggregated by families with children, adult families, total families, total adults in families, total children, single men, single women and total single adults; [H.] (j) HPD emergency facilities, disaggregated by families with children, adult families, total families, total adults in families, total children, single men, single women and total single adults; [I.] (k) HPD emergency hotels, disaggregated by families with children, adult families, total families, total adults in families, total children, single men, single women and total single adults, as feasible; [I.] (k) HPD emergency hotels, disaggregated by families with children, adult families, total families, total adults in families, total children, single men, single women and total single adults, as feasible; [J.] (l) HRA-administered facilities, disaggregated by families with children, adult families, total families, total adults in families, total children, single men, single women and total single adults; [J.] (l) HRA-administered facilities, disaggregated by families with children, adult families, total families, total adults in families, total children, single men, single women and total single adults; [K.] (m) HRA domestic violence shelters, disaggregated by families with children, adult families, total families, total adults in families, total children, single men, single women and total single adults; [K.] (m) HRA domestic violence shelters, disaggregated by families with children, adult families, total families, total adults in families, total children, single men, single women and total single adults; [L.] (n) HRA domestic violence Tier II/transitional shelters, disaggregated by families with children, adult families, total families, total adults in families, and total children; [L.] (n) HRA domestic violence Tier II/transitional shelters, disaggregated by families with children, adult families, total families, total adults in families, and total children; (o) HRA HASA emergency housing, disaggregated by families with children, adult families, total families, total adults in families, total children, single men, single women and total single adults; (o) HRA HASA emergency housing, disaggregated by families with children, adult families, total families, total adults in families, total children, single men, single women and total single adults; [M.] (p) HRA HASA transitional housing, disaggregated by families with children, adult families, total families, total adults in families, total children, single men, single women and total single adults; [and] [M.] (p) HRA HASA transitional housing, disaggregated by families with children, adult families, total families, total adults in families, total children, single men, single women and total single adults; [and] (q) DYCD-administered facilities, disaggregated by families with children, total families, total adults in families, homeless youth, total children, single men, single women and total single adults; (q) DYCD-administered facilities, disaggregated by families with children, total families, total adults in families, homeless youth, total children, single men, single women and total single adults; (r) DYCD-administered crisis services programs, disaggregated by families with children, total families, total adults in families, homeless youth, total children, single men, single women and total single adults; (r) DYCD-administered crisis services programs, disaggregated by families with children, total families, total adults in families, homeless youth, total children, single men, single women and total single adults; (s) DYCD-administered drop-in centers, disaggregated by families with children, total families, total adults in families, homeless youth, total children, single men, single women and total single adults; (s) DYCD-administered drop-in centers, disaggregated by families with children, total families, total adults in families, homeless youth, total children, single men, single women and total single adults; (t) DYCD-administered transitional independent living support programs, disaggregated by families with children, total families, total adults in families, homeless youth, total children, single men, single women and total single adults; and (t) DYCD-administered transitional independent living support programs, disaggregated by families with children, total families, total adults in families, homeless youth, total children, single men, single women and total single adults; and [N.] (u) all city-administered facilities, [excluding DYCD-administered facilities,] disaggregated by families with children, adult families, total families, total adults in families, total children, single men, single women and total single adults. [N.] (u) all city-administered facilities, [excluding DYCD-administered facilities,] disaggregated by families with children, adult families, total families, total adults in families, total children, single men, single women and total single adults. [(4) average monthly utilization rates; and (5) number of unduplicated persons or families utilizing city-administered facilities for each of the following categories: [(4) average monthly utilization rates; and (5) number of unduplicated persons or families utilizing city-administered facilities for each of the following categories: A. DYCD-administered facilities, disaggregated by families with children, adult families, total families, total adults in families, total children, single men, single women and total single adults; A. DYCD-administered facilities, disaggregated by families with children, adult families, total families, total adults in families, total children, single men, single women and total single adults; B. DYCD-administered crisis shelters, disaggregated by families with children, adult families, total families, total adults in families, total children, single men, single women and total single adults; B. DYCD-administered crisis shelters, disaggregated by families with children, adult families, total families, total adults in families, total children, single men, single women and total single adults; C. DYCD-administered drop-in centers, disaggregated by families with children, adult families, total families, total adults in families, total children, single men, single women and total single adults; and C. DYCD-administered drop-in centers, disaggregated by families with children, adult families, total families, total adults in families, total children, single men, single women and total single adults; and D. DYCD-administered transitional independent living facilities, disaggregated by families with children, adult families, total families, total adults in families, total children, single men, single women and total single adults. D. DYCD-administered transitional independent living facilities, disaggregated by families with children, adult families, total families, total adults in families, total children, single men, single women and total single adults. (6)] 3. the number of individuals who are on wait-lists for DYCD-administered facilities, to the extent such wait-lists exist, disaggregated by: (6)] 3. the number of individuals who are on wait-lists for DYCD-administered facilities, to the extent such wait-lists exist, disaggregated by: [A.] (a) type of DYCD-administered facility; and [A.] (a) type of DYCD-administered facility; and [B.] (b) families with children, adult families, total families, homeless youth, single men, single women, and total single adults. [B.] (b) families with children, adult families, total families, homeless youth, single men, single women, and total single adults. [(7)] 4. the average length of stay , disaggregated by: [(7)] 4. the average length of stay , disaggregated by: [A.] (a) families with children, adult families, total families, homeless youth, single men, single women, and total single adults; [A.] (a) families with children, adult families, total families, homeless youth, single men, single women, and total single adults; [B.] (b) type of DHS-administered facility, excluding DHS drop-in centers and DHS faith-based beds; [B.] (b) type of DHS-administered facility, excluding DHS drop-in centers and DHS faith-based beds; [C.] (c) type of DYCD-administered facility, excluding DYCD-administered drop-in centers; [C.] (c) type of DYCD-administered facility, excluding DYCD-administered drop-in centers; [D.] (d) type of HPD-administered facility; and [D.] (d) type of HPD-administered facility; and [E.] (e) type of HRA-administered facility. [E.] (e) type of HRA-administered facility. [(8)] 5. the total number of facilities, disaggregated by DHS-administered facilities and facilities not administered by DHS. [(8)] 5. the total number of facilities, disaggregated by DHS-administered facilities and facilities not administered by DHS. c. Application and entrance data. Commencing on November 1, 2011, and no later than the first day of each month thereafter, the mayor's office of operations shall for each month, calendar year and fiscal year [publish in] post on the same location on [the NYCStat] its website as the data posted pursuant to subdivision b of this section, the following data for those seeking admission and entrance to DHS-administered shelter facilities , provided that any information listed in this subdivision that was not required to be included in reports commencing on November 1, 2011, shall be included in reports commencing on July 1, 2023 : c. Application and entrance data. Commencing on November 1, 2011, and no later than the first day of each month thereafter, the mayor's office of operations shall for each month, calendar year and fiscal year [publish in] post on the same location on [the NYCStat] its website as the data posted pursuant to subdivision b of this section, the following data for those seeking admission and entrance to DHS-administered shelter facilities , provided that any information listed in this subdivision that was not required to be included in reports commencing on November 1, 2011, shall be included in reports commencing on July 1, 2023 : [(1)] 1. the total number of: [(1)] 1. the total number of: [A.] (a) applications; [A.] (a) applications; [B.] (b) unduplicated applicants; [B.] (b) unduplicated applicants; [C.] (c) applicants found eligible for shelter; [C.] (c) applicants found eligible for shelter; [D.] (d) entrants to [DHS administered] DHS-administered facilities; and [D.] (d) entrants to [DHS administered] DHS-administered facilities; and [E.] (e) unduplicated entrants to DHS-administered facilities. The data required by subparagraphs [A, B, C, D and E] (a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) of this paragraph shall be disaggregated by families with children, adult families, total families, single men, single women, anyone of another gender, and total single adults; [E.] (e) unduplicated entrants to DHS-administered facilities. The data required by subparagraphs [A, B, C, D and E] (a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) of this paragraph shall be disaggregated by families with children, adult families, total families, single men, single women, anyone of another gender, and total single adults; [(2)] 2. the number of families with children found eligible for city-administered facilities; [(2)] 2. the number of families with children found eligible for city-administered facilities; [(3)] 3. the percentage of eligible families with children who submitted one application; [(3)] 3. the percentage of eligible families with children who submitted one application; [(4)] 4. the percentage of eligible families with children who submitted two applications; [(4)] 4. the percentage of eligible families with children who submitted two applications; [(5)] 5. the percentage of eligible families with children who submitted three applications; [(5)] 5. the percentage of eligible families with children who submitted three applications; [(6)] 6. the percentage of eligible families with children who submitted four applications; [(6)] 6. the percentage of eligible families with children who submitted four applications; [(7)] 7. the percentage of eligible families with children who submitted five applications; [(7)] 7. the percentage of eligible families with children who submitted five applications; [(8)] 8. the percentage of eligible families with children who submitted six applications or more; [(8)] 8. the percentage of eligible families with children who submitted six applications or more; [(9)] 9. the number of adult families found eligible for city-administered facilities; [(9)] 9. the number of adult families found eligible for city-administered facilities; [(10)] 10. the percentage of eligible adult families who submitted one application; [(10)] 10. the percentage of eligible adult families who submitted one application; [(11)] 11. the percentage of eligible adult families who submitted two applications; [(11)] 11. the percentage of eligible adult families who submitted two applications; [(12)] 12. the percentage of eligible adult families who submitted three applications; [(12)] 12. the percentage of eligible adult families who submitted three applications; [(13)] 13. the percentage of eligible adult families who submitted four applications; [(13)] 13. the percentage of eligible adult families who submitted four applications; [(14)] 14. the percentage of eligible adult families who submitted five applications; and [(14)] 14. the percentage of eligible adult families who submitted five applications; and [(15)] 15. the percentage of eligible adult families who submitted six applications or more. [(15)] 15. the percentage of eligible adult families who submitted six applications or more. d. The data required [to be published in] pursuant to subdivisions b and c [above] of this section shall be [published] posted electronically on the portal specified in subdivision b [in a commonly available non-proprietary database format that is suitable for analysis]. d. The data required [to be published in] pursuant to subdivisions b and c [above] of this section shall be [published] posted electronically on the portal specified in subdivision b [in a commonly available non-proprietary database format that is suitable for analysis]. e. Commencing on July 1, 2023, for each month, the report required pursuant to this section shall include a cover page that lists the total number of persons utilizing all city-administered facilities listed in subdivision b of this section in the following forms: e. Commencing on July 1, 2023, for each month, the report required pursuant to this section shall include a cover page that lists the total number of persons utilizing all city-administered facilities listed in subdivision b of this section in the following forms: 1. a point-in-time snapshot of the last day of the relevant month that is a total of every person who stayed overnight in a city-administered facility on that night; 1. a point-in-time snapshot of the last day of the relevant month that is a total of every person who stayed overnight in a city-administered facility on that night; 2. a point-in-time snapshot of the last day of the relevant month that is a total of every person who stayed in a DHS-administered facility; 2. a point-in-time snapshot of the last day of the relevant month that is a total of every person who stayed in a DHS-administered facility; 3. a point-in-time snapshot of the last day of the relevant month that is a total of every person who stayed in an HPD-administered facility; 3. a point-in-time snapshot of the last day of the relevant month that is a total of every person who stayed in an HPD-administered facility; 4. a point-in-time snapshot of the last day of the relevant month that is a total of every person who stayed in an HRA-administered facility; 4. a point-in-time snapshot of the last day of the relevant month that is a total of every person who stayed in an HRA-administered facility; 5. a point-in-time snapshot of the last day of the relevant month that is a total of every person who stayed in a DYCD-administered residential facility, excluding DYCD-administered drop-in centers; 5. a point-in-time snapshot of the last day of the relevant month that is a total of every person who stayed in a DYCD-administered residential facility, excluding DYCD-administered drop-in centers; 6. a monthly average of the number of people in all city-administered facilities as a single total; and 6. a monthly average of the number of people in all city-administered facilities as a single total; and 7. the total number of unduplicated individuals and household types and vacancies across all systems over the course of the monthly reporting period. 7. the total number of unduplicated individuals and household types and vacancies across all systems over the course of the monthly reporting period. f. Commencing on July 1, 2023, the cover page required in subdivision e of this section shall additionally include the total number of persons utilizing all city-administered facilities listed in subdivision b of this section, disaggregated by the number of adults and children under the age of 18 and the number of families with children, adult families, single men and single women. f. Commencing on July 1, 2023, the cover page required in subdivision e of this section shall additionally include the total number of persons utilizing all city-administered facilities listed in subdivision b of this section, disaggregated by the number of adults and children under the age of 18 and the number of families with children, adult families, single men and single women. g. Reporting on exits from city-administered facilities. Commencing on July 1, 2023, and no later than the first day of each month thereafter, the mayor’s office of operations, for each month, calendar year and fiscal year, shall report to the speaker of the council and post on the mayor’s office of operations website, disaggregated information, if known, regarding the number of families with children, adult families, single adults who have not returned within two monthly reporting cycles, and runaway and homeless youth from city-administered residential facilities that exited DHS-administered facilities, DYCD-administered residential facilities, HPD-administered facilities and HRA-administered facilities and entered into the following types of housing: g. Reporting on exits from city-administered facilities. Commencing on July 1, 2023, and no later than the first day of each month thereafter, the mayor’s office of operations, for each month, calendar year and fiscal year, shall report to the speaker of the council and post on the mayor’s office of operations website, disaggregated information, if known, regarding the number of families with children, adult families, single adults who have not returned within two monthly reporting cycles, and runaway and homeless youth from city-administered residential facilities that exited DHS-administered facilities, DYCD-administered residential facilities, HPD-administered facilities and HRA-administered facilities and entered into the following types of housing: 1. Supportive housing; 1. Supportive housing; 2. City-financed homeless set-aside units, disaggregated by, units financed jointly by HPD and HDC under Housing New York, HDC set-aside units financed under Housing New York, and HPD set-aside units financed under Housing New York; 2. City-financed homeless set-aside units, disaggregated by, units financed jointly by HPD and HDC under Housing New York, HDC set-aside units financed under Housing New York, and HPD set-aside units financed under Housing New York; 3. Section 8 voucher housing, disaggregated by NYCHA, HPD and New York state homes and community renewal, and further disaggregated by project-based or tenant-based vouchers; 3. Section 8 voucher housing, disaggregated by NYCHA, HPD and New York state homes and community renewal, and further disaggregated by project-based or tenant-based vouchers; 4. Other affordable housing, disaggregated by 421-a affordable housing, Housing New York, mandatory inclusionary housing and other housing; 4. Other affordable housing, disaggregated by 421-a affordable housing, Housing New York, mandatory inclusionary housing and other housing; 5. A private rental market apartment with a rental subsidy, disaggregated by the type of such subsidy; 5. A private rental market apartment with a rental subsidy, disaggregated by the type of such subsidy; 6. Private housing that is not an entire apartment with a rental subsidy, disaggregated by a private room and an unsubsidized single-room occupancy that is not supportive housing; 6. Private housing that is not an entire apartment with a rental subsidy, disaggregated by a private room and an unsubsidized single-room occupancy that is not supportive housing; 7. A private rental market apartment with no rental subsidy, including those moving out of state; 7. A private rental market apartment with no rental subsidy, including those moving out of state; 8. Transitional housing operated by or under contract or similar agreement with DHS, DYCD, HPD, United States department of housing and urban development or HRA; 8. Transitional housing operated by or under contract or similar agreement with DHS, DYCD, HPD, United States department of housing and urban development or HRA; 9. Discharges to settings with higher levels of medical care, disaggregated by inpatient hospitalization, medical rehabilitation centers, medical respite care and long-term care facilities; 9. Discharges to settings with higher levels of medical care, disaggregated by inpatient hospitalization, medical rehabilitation centers, medical respite care and long-term care facilities; 10. Residential drug treatment and detoxification; 10. Residential drug treatment and detoxification; 11. Housing of friends or family; 11. Housing of friends or family; 12. Unknown or unable to validate; 12. Unknown or unable to validate; 13. Rapid re-housing funded by the United States department of housing and urban development; and 13. Rapid re-housing funded by the United States department of housing and urban development; and 14. Moved back to vacated building; 14. Moved back to vacated building; h. Reporting on financing, starts and completions of permanent housing for those exiting city-administered facilities. Commencing on July 1, 2023, and no later than each month thereafter, the mayor’s office of operations for each month, calendar year and fiscal year, shall report to the speaker of the council and post on the mayor’s office of operations website, unduplicated information regarding the financings, starts and completions of the following permanent housing or subsequent iterations of such housing, set aside for individuals or families experiencing homelessness: h. Reporting on financing, starts and completions of permanent housing for those exiting city-administered facilities. Commencing on July 1, 2023, and no later than each month thereafter, the mayor’s office of operations for each month, calendar year and fiscal year, shall report to the speaker of the council and post on the mayor’s office of operations website, unduplicated information regarding the financings, starts and completions of the following permanent housing or subsequent iterations of such housing, set aside for individuals or families experiencing homelessness: 1. Newly constructed supportive housing units, disaggregated by service contracts funded by empire state supportive housing initiative, federal department of housing and urban development and veterans administration, HRA HASA, JISH, New York city 15/15, New York/New York and any other category the mayor’s office deems appropriate; and 1. Newly constructed supportive housing units, disaggregated by service contracts funded by empire state supportive housing initiative, federal department of housing and urban development and veterans administration, HRA HASA, JISH, New York city 15/15, New York/New York and any other category the mayor’s office deems appropriate; and 2. Newly constructed city-financed homeless set-aside units, disaggregated by units financed jointly by HPD and HDC under Housing New York, HDC set-aside units financed under Housing New York and HPD set-aside units financed under Housing New York. 2. Newly constructed city-financed homeless set-aside units, disaggregated by units financed jointly by HPD and HDC under Housing New York, HDC set-aside units financed under Housing New York and HPD set-aside units financed under Housing New York. i. No information that is required to be reported pursuant to this section shall be reported if it would violate any applicable provision of federal, state or local law relating to the privacy, confidentiality, use or disclosure of that information. i. No information that is required to be reported pursuant to this section shall be reported if it would violate any applicable provision of federal, state or local law relating to the privacy, confidentiality, use or disclosure of that information. j. If a category contains between one to nine households, or allows another category to be narrowed to be between one to nine households, the number shall be replaced with a symbol. A category that contains zero shall be reported as zero. j. If a category contains between one to nine households, or allows another category to be narrowed to be between one to nine households, the number shall be replaced with a symbol. A category that contains zero shall be reported as zero. § 2. This local law takes effect immediately. § 2. This local law takes effect immediately.     Session 12 Session 12 ACK ACK LS#8738 LS#8738 7/6/2022 9:49pm 7/6/2022 9:49pm   Session 11 Session 11 AV AV LS 758 LS 758 Int. 149-2018 Int. 149-2018 Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text)

--- 3rd Level Page: https://council.nyc.gov/diana-ayala/east-125th-street-development-taskforce/ ---
New York City Council Search for:   Find My District Budget Committees Land Use Legislation Press Releases Translate this page Google Translate District 8 Diana Ayala Mott Haven-Port Morris, Melrose, Concourse-Concourse Village, Upper East Side-Carnegie Hill, Upper East Side-Yorkville, East Harlem (South), East Harlem (North), Randall's Island East 125th Street Development Taskforce Before: After : The Story: In 2014, the 125th Street Taskforce was established under the leadership of then-Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverto, with Diana Ayala serving as her Deputy Chief of Staff. The primary goal of this taskforce was to tackle a range of pressing issues plaguing the 125th Street Corridor. These challenges encompassed public safety concerns, homelessness, substance abuse, crime, sanitation issues, and quality of life problems. Diana Ayala diligently collaborated with multiple city agencies, orchestrating a comprehensive, multi-agency strategy supported by financial investments. This approach led to the implementation of legislative initiatives specifically designed to address the community’s unique challenges. After Diana herself became an elected official in 2018, her commitment to the cause only grew. She continued to tirelessly lead the 125th Street Corridor Improvement Working Group, which has since been renamed the East Harlem Public Safety Working Group. This group now encompasses all troubled corridors and their surrounding areas in East Harlem. Over the course of nine years since its inception, the taskforce has successfully executed a variety of strategies aimed at addressing the community’s concerns. These initiatives included the installation of Argus cameras, strategic placement of police mobile units, and an augmented law enforcement presence in the area. In tandem with intensified cleaning efforts and enhanced lighting throughout the region, notable improvements have emerged: reduced waste, decreased crime rates, and an enhanced sense of safety. Nevertheless, it’s important to recognize that the 125th Street Corridor still confronts challenges that demand attention. The taskforce’s recent work has undoubtedly made a positive impact in addressing these community concerns. However, it remains crucial to acknowledge that sustained and ongoing efforts are essential to both maintain and build upon these hard-earned improvements. To this end, the working group remains committed to advocating for additional resources, including an increased police presence to combat illicit drug distribution, the development of affordable housing options for our residents, and expanded access to mental health and homeless resources for those experiencing homelessness. Members Elected Officials – Federal, City, State Department of Homeless Services DOHMH 23rd, 25th Precincts & PSA 5 Department of Parks Department of Sanitation Uptown Grand Central CUCS Outreach Team CCB 11 EDC Hope Community Inc Lott Residence Highlighted Investments 1 Million Dollar Grates Project Increased Lighting Mobile Command Unit Approx. 300K a year in supplemental cleaning Mental Health Services Street Homeless Outreach Collaboration with Developers Manhattan North Team Created Got city to invest in K2 public awareness campaign East 125th Street Development Taskforce Before: After : The Story: In 2014, the 125th Street Taskforce was established under the leadership of then-Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverto, with Diana Ayala serving as her Deputy Chief of Staff. The primary goal of this taskforce was to tackle a range of pressing issues plaguing the 125th Street Corridor. These challenges encompassed public safety concerns, homelessness, substance abuse, crime, sanitation issues, and quality of life problems. Diana Ayala diligently collaborated with multiple city agencies, orchestrating a comprehensive, multi-agency strategy supported by financial investments. This approach led to the implementation of legislative initiatives specifically designed to address the community’s unique challenges. After Diana herself became an elected official in 2018, her commitment to the cause only grew. She continued to tirelessly lead the 125th Street Corridor Improvement Working Group, which has since been renamed the East Harlem Public Safety Working Group. This group now encompasses all troubled corridors and their surrounding areas in East Harlem. Over the course of nine years since its inception, the taskforce has successfully executed a variety of strategies aimed at addressing the community’s concerns. These initiatives included the installation of Argus cameras, strategic placement of police mobile units, and an augmented law enforcement presence in the area. In tandem with intensified cleaning efforts and enhanced lighting throughout the region, notable improvements have emerged: reduced waste, decreased crime rates, and an enhanced sense of safety. Nevertheless, it’s important to recognize that the 125th Street Corridor still confronts challenges that demand attention. The taskforce’s recent work has undoubtedly made a positive impact in addressing these community concerns. However, it remains crucial to acknowledge that sustained and ongoing efforts are essential to both maintain and build upon these hard-earned improvements. To this end, the working group remains committed to advocating for additional resources, including an increased police presence to combat illicit drug distribution, the development of affordable housing options for our residents, and expanded access to mental health and homeless resources for those experiencing homelessness. Members Elected Officials – Federal, City, State Department of Homeless Services DOHMH 23rd, 25th Precincts & PSA 5 Department of Parks Department of Sanitation Uptown Grand Central CUCS Outreach Team CCB 11 EDC Hope Community Inc Lott Residence Highlighted Investments 1 Million Dollar Grates Project Increased Lighting Mobile Command Unit Approx. 300K a year in supplemental cleaning Mental Health Services Street Homeless Outreach Collaboration with Developers Manhattan North Team Created Got city to invest in K2 public awareness campaign Biography Legislative Accomplishments East 125th Street Development Taskforce Staff Directory Resources Newsletter Join our mailing list! FY’25 Discretionary Funding Expense and Capital Application Information District Office East Harlem Office: 105 East 116th Street New York, NY 10029 Phone: 212-828-9800 Fax: 212-722-6378 Bronx Office: 214 St. Ann's Avenue Bronx, New York 10454 Phone: 347-297-4922 Fax: 347-270-1213 Legislative Office 250 Broadway, Suite 1764 New York, NY 10007 Phone: 212-788-6960 Fax: 212-227-1215 Visit the Council We're located at New York City Hall. Council Members each have an office at 250 Broadway , as well as offices in each of their districts. We want to hear from you You can reach us via social media, email, paper mail, or at your district office. For issues specific to a neighborhood, it's best to contact the Council Member representing that community. Have questions, comments or feedback? Email us here.        About Events What we do Caucuses Visit the Council District Info Job Opportunities Collective Bargaining Agreement Subscribe for Updates Our Privacy Policy Legislation Our Legislative Process Register to Testify Hearing Calendar and Video Archive Search legislation Legislative API Data Press & News Submit a “Freedom of Information Law” (FOIL) Request Press Releases Photos Past Featured Content Videos Media Inquiries For media inquiries, please contact press@council.nyc.gov Accessibility Read our Accessibility Statement  General Inquiries Error: Contact form not found. ×

--- 3rd Level Page: https://council.nyc.gov/diana-ayala/ ---
New York City Council Search for:   Find My District Budget Committees Land Use Legislation Press Releases Translate this page Google Translate District 8 Diana Ayala Mott Haven-Port Morris, Melrose, Concourse-Concourse Village, Upper East Side-Carnegie Hill, Upper East Side-Yorkville, East Harlem (South), East Harlem (North), Randall's Island Biography Diana Ayala has worked for nearly two decades serving the people of the 8th District in social service agencies and government, and is a passionate advocate on issues including housing, gun violence, and senior services. Diana was born in Río Piedras, Puerto Rico, and moved to New York City with her family as a child. Growing up in public housing after a time in the shelter system, she experienced numerous challenges that would help give her a unique voice and perspective in government and politics, and drive her passion for public service. As a teenage mom-to-be, the father of Diana’s son was shot and killed in a senseless shooting, after which she returned to shelter. She later entered into a new relationship that proved abusive. In the face of these challenges, she found the personal strength to start her life over, enrolling in school and receiving her associate’s degree in Human Services from Bronx Community College. She worked as a senior center director in East Harlem for seven years, and later joined the team for Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito as Constituent Services Director, ultimately becoming Deputy Chief of Staff. In her capacity as Deputy Speaker, Diana has been instrumental in crafting legislation that has become law, such as: Banning the sale of guinea pigs citywide to encourage more adoptions for our furry friends. Reforming the CityFHEPs program by eliminating the 90-day rule, expanding eligibility to more New Yorkers in need, and removing red tape to expedite the process. Creating a syringe buy-back pilot program to reduce syringe litter within our communities. Requiring the Department of Mental Health and Hygiene to form a committee that would be tasked with creating a community based plan of action to address the opioid epidemic. Diana has used her time in the City Council to uplift the voices of her constituents and address issues ranging from housing, homelessness, mental health, education, substance abuse prevention, and gun violence prevention. Diana lives in East Harlem with her life partner, Frankie. She has four children and three grandchildren, and also lives with two rescued dogs and three cats. Biography Diana Ayala has worked for nearly two decades serving the people of the 8th District in social service agencies and government, and is a passionate advocate on issues including housing, gun violence, and senior services. Diana was born in Río Piedras, Puerto Rico, and moved to New York City with her family as a child. Growing up in public housing after a time in the shelter system, she experienced numerous challenges that would help give her a unique voice and perspective in government and politics, and drive her passion for public service. As a teenage mom-to-be, the father of Diana’s son was shot and killed in a senseless shooting, after which she returned to shelter. She later entered into a new relationship that proved abusive. In the face of these challenges, she found the personal strength to start her life over, enrolling in school and receiving her associate’s degree in Human Services from Bronx Community College. She worked as a senior center director in East Harlem for seven years, and later joined the team for Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito as Constituent Services Director, ultimately becoming Deputy Chief of Staff. In her capacity as Deputy Speaker, Diana has been instrumental in crafting legislation that has become law, such as: Banning the sale of guinea pigs citywide to encourage more adoptions for our furry friends. Reforming the CityFHEPs program by eliminating the 90-day rule, expanding eligibility to more New Yorkers in need, and removing red tape to expedite the process. Creating a syringe buy-back pilot program to reduce syringe litter within our communities. Requiring the Department of Mental Health and Hygiene to form a committee that would be tasked with creating a community based plan of action to address the opioid epidemic. Diana has used her time in the City Council to uplift the voices of her constituents and address issues ranging from housing, homelessness, mental health, education, substance abuse prevention, and gun violence prevention. Diana lives in East Harlem with her life partner, Frankie. She has four children and three grandchildren, and also lives with two rescued dogs and three cats. Biography Legislative Accomplishments East 125th Street Development Taskforce Staff Directory Resources Newsletter Join our mailing list! FY’25 Discretionary Funding Expense and Capital Application Information District Office East Harlem Office: 105 East 116th Street New York, NY 10029 Phone: 212-828-9800 Fax: 212-722-6378 Bronx Office: 214 St. Ann's Avenue Bronx, New York 10454 Phone: 347-297-4922 Fax: 347-270-1213 Legislative Office 250 Broadway, Suite 1764 New York, NY 10007 Phone: 212-788-6960 Fax: 212-227-1215 Visit the Council We're located at New York City Hall. Council Members each have an office at 250 Broadway , as well as offices in each of their districts. We want to hear from you You can reach us via social media, email, paper mail, or at your district office. For issues specific to a neighborhood, it's best to contact the Council Member representing that community. Have questions, comments or feedback? Email us here.        About Events What we do Caucuses Visit the Council District Info Job Opportunities Collective Bargaining Agreement Subscribe for Updates Our Privacy Policy Legislation Our Legislative Process Register to Testify Hearing Calendar and Video Archive Search legislation Legislative API Data Press & News Submit a “Freedom of Information Law” (FOIL) Request Press Releases Photos Past Featured Content Videos Media Inquiries For media inquiries, please contact press@council.nyc.gov Accessibility Read our Accessibility Statement  General Inquiries Error: Contact form not found. ×

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/LegislationDetail.aspx?ID=4133004&GUID=9AB2105B-DFDA-47B6-B7DF-BAB0ED7526DD&Options=Advanced&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Reports File #: Int 1684-2019 Version: * A Name: Requiring the commission on human rights to create an anti-discrimination poster that includes age discrimination, and requiring city agencies to display the poster. Type: Introduction Status: Enacted Committee: Committee on Civil and Human Rights On agenda: 9/12/2019 Enactment date: 12/20/2020 Law number: 2020/120 Title: A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to requiring the commission on human rights to create an anti-discrimination poster that includes age discrimination, and requiring city agencies to display the poster Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Margaret S. Chin , Farah N. Louis , Ben Kallos , Mathieu Eugene , Ruben Diaz, Sr. , Paul A. Vallone , Deborah L. Rose , Adrienne E. Adams , Helen K. Rosenthal , Inez D. Barron , Carlina Rivera Council Member Sponsors: 12 Summary: This bill requires the City Commission on Human Rights to create an anti-discrimination poster that includes age discrimination, and to provide additional age discrimination resources on its website. This bill also requires City agencies to display the poster in employee common areas. Attachments: 1. Summary of Int. No. 1684-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 1684 , 3. Int. No. 1684 , 4. September 12, 2019 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 9-12-19 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - September 12, 2019 , 7. Committee Report 10/8/19 , 8. Hearing Testimony 10/8/19 , 9. Hearing Transcript 10/8/19 , 10. Proposed Int. No. 1684-A - 11/12/20 , 11. Committee Report 11/19/20 , 12. Hearing Transcript 11/19/20 , 13. Committee Report - Stated Meeting , 14. November 19, 2020 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 15. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  11-19-20 , 16. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - November 19, 2020 , 17. Int. No. 1684-A (FINAL) , 18. Fiscal Impact Statement , 19. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor , 20. Local Law 120 History (14) Text 14 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 12/21/2020 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Returned Unsigned by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 12/20/2020 A Diana I. Ayala Administration City Charter Rule Adopted Action details Meeting details Not available 11/19/2020 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 11/19/2020 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 11/19/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Civil and Human Rights Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 11/19/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Civil and Human Rights Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 11/19/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Civil and Human Rights Amended by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 11/19/2020 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Civil and Human Rights Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 10/8/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Aging Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 10/8/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Aging Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 10/8/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Civil and Human Rights Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 10/8/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Civil and Human Rights Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 9/12/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 9/12/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available Int. No. 1684-A By Council Members Ayala, Chin, Louis, Kallos, Eugene, R. Diaz, Vallone, Rose, Adams, Rosenthal, Barron and Rivera A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to requiring the commission on human rights to create an anti-discrimination poster that includes age discrimination, and requiring city agencies to display the poster Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Section 1. Chapter 1 of title 8 of the administrative code of the city of New York is amended by adding a new section 8-134 to read as follows: § 8-134 Anti-discrimination poster. a. The commission shall create an anti-discrimination rights and responsibilities poster that addresses the forms of discrimination prohibited by the city human rights law, including age discrimination, and which explains how to contact the commission. The commission shall also include as part of its regular outreach and education efforts informational resources on age discrimination. Such poster and educational resources shall be made available on the commission’s website. b. Every agency shall conspicuously display the poster created by the commission pursuant to this section in employee breakrooms or other common areas where employees gather. § 2. This local law takes effect 120 days after it becomes law. BAM LS 9587 11/10/2020 Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text) Details Details Details Details Reports Reports Reports Reports File #: File #: Int 1684-2019 Version: * A Int 1684-2019 Version: Name: Name: Requiring the commission on human rights to create an anti-discrimination poster that includes age discrimination, and requiring city agencies to display the poster. Requiring the commission on human rights to create an anti-discrimination poster that includes age discrimination, and requiring city agencies to display the poster. Type: Type: Introduction Introduction Status: Status: Enacted Enacted   Committee: Committee: Committee on Civil and Human Rights On agenda: On agenda: 9/12/2019 9/12/2019   Enactment date: Enactment date: 12/20/2020 12/20/2020 Law number: Law number: 2020/120 2020/120 Title: Title: A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to requiring the commission on human rights to create an anti-discrimination poster that includes age discrimination, and requiring city agencies to display the poster A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to requiring the commission on human rights to create an anti-discrimination poster that includes age discrimination, and requiring city agencies to display the poster Sponsors: Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Margaret S. Chin , Farah N. Louis , Ben Kallos , Mathieu Eugene , Ruben Diaz, Sr. , Paul A. Vallone , Deborah L. Rose , Adrienne E. Adams , Helen K. Rosenthal , Inez D. Barron , Carlina Rivera Diana I. Ayala , Margaret S. Chin , Farah N. Louis , Ben Kallos , Mathieu Eugene , Ruben Diaz, Sr. , Paul A. Vallone , Deborah L. Rose , Adrienne E. Adams , Helen K. Rosenthal , Inez D. Barron , Carlina Rivera Council Member Sponsors: Council Member Sponsors: 12 12 Summary: Summary: This bill requires the City Commission on Human Rights to create an anti-discrimination poster that includes age discrimination, and to provide additional age discrimination resources on its website. This bill also requires City agencies to display the poster in employee common areas. This bill requires the City Commission on Human Rights to create an anti-discrimination poster that includes age discrimination, and to provide additional age discrimination resources on its website. This bill also requires City agencies to display the poster in employee common areas. Attachments: Attachments: 1. Summary of Int. No. 1684-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 1684 , 3. Int. No. 1684 , 4. September 12, 2019 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 9-12-19 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - September 12, 2019 , 7. Committee Report 10/8/19 , 8. Hearing Testimony 10/8/19 , 9. Hearing Transcript 10/8/19 , 10. Proposed Int. No. 1684-A - 11/12/20 , 11. Committee Report 11/19/20 , 12. Hearing Transcript 11/19/20 , 13. Committee Report - Stated Meeting , 14. November 19, 2020 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 15. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  11-19-20 , 16. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - November 19, 2020 , 17. Int. No. 1684-A (FINAL) , 18. Fiscal Impact Statement , 19. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor , 20. Local Law 120 1. Summary of Int. No. 1684-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 1684 , 3. Int. No. 1684 , 4. September 12, 2019 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 9-12-19 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - September 12, 2019 , 7. Committee Report 10/8/19 , 8. Hearing Testimony 10/8/19 , 9. Hearing Transcript 10/8/19 , 10. Proposed Int. No. 1684-A - 11/12/20 , 11. Committee Report 11/19/20 , 12. Hearing Transcript 11/19/20 , 13. Committee Report - Stated Meeting , 14. November 19, 2020 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 15. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  11-19-20 , 16. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - November 19, 2020 , 17. Int. No. 1684-A (FINAL) , 18. Fiscal Impact Statement , 19. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor , 20. Local Law 120 History (14) History (14) History (14) History (14) Text Text Text Text 14 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 14 records 14 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Date Group by Action By Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 12/21/2020 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Returned Unsigned by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 12/20/2020 A Diana I. Ayala Administration City Charter Rule Adopted Action details Meeting details Not available 11/19/2020 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 11/19/2020 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 11/19/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Civil and Human Rights Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 11/19/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Civil and Human Rights Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 11/19/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Civil and Human Rights Amended by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 11/19/2020 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Civil and Human Rights Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 10/8/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Aging Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 10/8/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Aging Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 10/8/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Civil and Human Rights Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 10/8/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Civil and Human Rights Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 9/12/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 9/12/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 12/21/2020 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Returned Unsigned by Mayor  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 12/20/2020 A Diana I. Ayala Administration City Charter Rule Adopted  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 11/19/2020 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 11/19/2020 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 11/19/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Civil and Human Rights Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 11/19/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Civil and Human Rights Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 11/19/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Civil and Human Rights Amended by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 11/19/2020 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Civil and Human Rights Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 10/8/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Aging Laid Over by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 10/8/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Aging Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 10/8/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Civil and Human Rights Laid Over by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 10/8/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Civil and Human Rights Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 9/12/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 9/12/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available Int. No. 1684-A Int. No. 1684-A   By Council Members Ayala, Chin, Louis, Kallos, Eugene, R. Diaz, Vallone, Rose, Adams, Rosenthal, Barron and Rivera By Council Members Ayala, Chin, Louis, Kallos, Eugene, R. Diaz, Vallone, Rose, Adams, Rosenthal, Barron and Rivera   A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to requiring the commission on human rights to create an anti-discrimination poster that includes age discrimination, and requiring city agencies to display the poster A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to requiring the commission on human rights to create an anti-discrimination poster that includes age discrimination, and requiring city agencies to display the poster   Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Be it enacted by the Council as follows:   Section 1. Chapter 1 of title 8 of the administrative code of the city of New York is amended by adding a new section 8-134 to read as follows: Section 1. Chapter 1 of title 8 of the administrative code of the city of New York is amended by adding a new section 8-134 to read as follows: § 8-134 Anti-discrimination poster. a. The commission shall create an anti-discrimination rights and responsibilities poster that addresses the forms of discrimination prohibited by the city human rights law, including age discrimination, and which explains how to contact the commission. The commission shall also include as part of its regular outreach and education efforts informational resources on age discrimination. Such poster and educational resources shall be made available on the commission’s website. § 8-134 Anti-discrimination poster. a. The commission shall create an anti-discrimination rights and responsibilities poster that addresses the forms of discrimination prohibited by the city human rights law, including age discrimination, and which explains how to contact the commission. The commission shall also include as part of its regular outreach and education efforts informational resources on age discrimination. Such poster and educational resources shall be made available on the commission’s website. b. Every agency shall conspicuously display the poster created by the commission pursuant to this section in employee breakrooms or other common areas where employees gather. b. Every agency shall conspicuously display the poster created by the commission pursuant to this section in employee breakrooms or other common areas where employees gather. § 2. This local law takes effect 120 days after it becomes law. § 2. This local law takes effect 120 days after it becomes law.           BAM BAM LS 9587 LS 9587 11/10/2020 11/10/2020     Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text)

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/LegislationDetail.aspx?ID=5555436&GUID=8526DA07-F845-4B13-82EE-82147083EFFB&Options=Advanced&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Reports File #: Int 0141-2022 Version: * A Name: Signage for automatic doors. Type: Introduction Status: Enacted Committee: Committee on Housing and Buildings On agenda: 4/14/2022 Enactment date: 2/21/2023 Law number: 2023/024 Title: A Local Law to amend the New York city building code, in relation to signage for automatic doors Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Julie Won , Amanda Farías , Lynn C. Schulman , Gale A. Brewer , Shahana K. Hanif , Robert F. Holden , Justin L. Brannan , Tiffany Cabán , Mercedes Narcisse , Eric Dinowitz , Marjorie Velázquez , Carlina Rivera , James F. Gennaro Council Member Sponsors: 14 Summary: This bill would require signage at each entrance or egress to a building required to have power-operated or power-assisted and low-energy doors, directing people to the power-operated or power-assisted door. Attachments: 1. Summary of Int. No. 141-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 141 , 3. Int. No. 141 , 4. April 14, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  4-14-22 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - April 14, 2022 , 7. Committee Report 10/3/22 , 8. Hearing Testimony 10/3/22 , 9. Hearing Transcript 10/3/22 , 10. Proposed Int. No. 141-A - 1/27/23 , 11. Committee Report 2/2/23 , 12. Hearing Transcript 2/2/23 , 13. February 2, 2023 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 14. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  2-2-23 , 15. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - February 2, 2023 , 16. Int. No. 141-A (FINAL) , 17. Fiscal Impact Statement , 18. Mayor's Letter , 19. Local Law 24 History (15) Text 15 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 2/21/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Recved from Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 2/21/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Mayor Signed Into Law by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 2/21/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Mayor Hearing Held by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 2/2/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 2/2/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 2/2/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 2/2/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 2/2/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Amended by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 2/2/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 10/3/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Aging Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 10/3/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Aging Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 10/3/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 10/3/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 4/14/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 4/14/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available Int. No. 141-A By Council Members Ayala, Won, Farías, Schulman, Brewer, Hanif, Holden, Brannan, Cabán, Narcisse, Dinowitz, Velázquez, Rivera and Gennaro A Local Law to amend the New York city building code, in relation to signage for automatic doors Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Section 1. Section 1111.2 of the New York city building code is amended by adding a new item 7 to read as follows: 7. At each entrance or egress to a building required to have an automatic door in accordance with Section 1105.1.8. § 2. This local law takes effect January 1, 2024. Session 12 AS LS #7714 1/23/23, 11:11 a.m. Session 11 NAB LS #7930/8377/8607 Int. #1506-2019 Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text) Details Details Details Details Reports Reports Reports Reports File #: File #: Int 0141-2022 Version: * A Int 0141-2022 Version: Name: Name: Signage for automatic doors. Signage for automatic doors. Type: Type: Introduction Introduction Status: Status: Enacted Enacted   Committee: Committee: Committee on Housing and Buildings On agenda: On agenda: 4/14/2022 4/14/2022   Enactment date: Enactment date: 2/21/2023 2/21/2023 Law number: Law number: 2023/024 2023/024 Title: Title: A Local Law to amend the New York city building code, in relation to signage for automatic doors A Local Law to amend the New York city building code, in relation to signage for automatic doors Sponsors: Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Julie Won , Amanda Farías , Lynn C. Schulman , Gale A. Brewer , Shahana K. Hanif , Robert F. Holden , Justin L. Brannan , Tiffany Cabán , Mercedes Narcisse , Eric Dinowitz , Marjorie Velázquez , Carlina Rivera , James F. Gennaro Diana I. Ayala , Julie Won , Amanda Farías , Lynn C. Schulman , Gale A. Brewer , Shahana K. Hanif , Robert F. Holden , Justin L. Brannan , Tiffany Cabán , Mercedes Narcisse , Eric Dinowitz , Marjorie Velázquez , Carlina Rivera , James F. Gennaro Council Member Sponsors: Council Member Sponsors: 14 14 Summary: Summary: This bill would require signage at each entrance or egress to a building required to have power-operated or power-assisted and low-energy doors, directing people to the power-operated or power-assisted door. This bill would require signage at each entrance or egress to a building required to have power-operated or power-assisted and low-energy doors, directing people to the power-operated or power-assisted door. Attachments: Attachments: 1. Summary of Int. No. 141-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 141 , 3. Int. No. 141 , 4. April 14, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  4-14-22 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - April 14, 2022 , 7. Committee Report 10/3/22 , 8. Hearing Testimony 10/3/22 , 9. Hearing Transcript 10/3/22 , 10. Proposed Int. No. 141-A - 1/27/23 , 11. Committee Report 2/2/23 , 12. Hearing Transcript 2/2/23 , 13. February 2, 2023 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 14. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  2-2-23 , 15. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - February 2, 2023 , 16. Int. No. 141-A (FINAL) , 17. Fiscal Impact Statement , 18. Mayor's Letter , 19. Local Law 24 1. Summary of Int. No. 141-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 141 , 3. Int. No. 141 , 4. April 14, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  4-14-22 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - April 14, 2022 , 7. Committee Report 10/3/22 , 8. Hearing Testimony 10/3/22 , 9. Hearing Transcript 10/3/22 , 10. Proposed Int. No. 141-A - 1/27/23 , 11. Committee Report 2/2/23 , 12. Hearing Transcript 2/2/23 , 13. February 2, 2023 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 14. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  2-2-23 , 15. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - February 2, 2023 , 16. Int. No. 141-A (FINAL) , 17. Fiscal Impact Statement , 18. Mayor's Letter , 19. Local Law 24 History (15) History (15) History (15) History (15) Text Text Text Text 15 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 15 records 15 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Date Group by Action By Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 2/21/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Recved from Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 2/21/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Mayor Signed Into Law by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 2/21/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Mayor Hearing Held by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 2/2/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 2/2/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 2/2/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 2/2/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 2/2/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Amended by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 2/2/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 10/3/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Aging Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 10/3/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Aging Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 10/3/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 10/3/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 4/14/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 4/14/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 2/21/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Recved from Mayor by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 2/21/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Mayor Signed Into Law by Mayor  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 2/21/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Mayor Hearing Held by Mayor  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 2/2/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 2/2/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 2/2/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 2/2/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 2/2/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Amended by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 2/2/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 10/3/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Aging Laid Over by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 10/3/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Aging Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 10/3/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Laid Over by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 10/3/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Housing and Buildings Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 4/14/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 4/14/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available Int. No. 141-A Int. No. 141-A   By Council Members Ayala, Won, Farías, Schulman, Brewer, Hanif, Holden, Brannan, Cabán, Narcisse, Dinowitz, Velázquez, Rivera and Gennaro By Council Members Ayala, Won, Farías, Schulman, Brewer, Hanif, Holden, Brannan, Cabán, Narcisse, Dinowitz, Velázquez, Rivera and Gennaro   A Local Law to amend the New York city building code, in relation to signage for automatic doors A Local Law to amend the New York city building code, in relation to signage for automatic doors   Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Section 1. Section 1111.2 of the New York city building code is amended by adding a new item 7 to read as follows: Section 1. Section 1111.2 of the New York city building code is amended by adding a new item 7 to read as follows: 7. At each entrance or egress to a building required to have an automatic door in accordance with Section 1105.1.8. 7. At each entrance or egress to a building required to have an automatic door in accordance with Section 1105.1.8. § 2. This local law takes effect January 1, 2024. § 2. This local law takes effect January 1, 2024.            Session 12 Session 12 AS AS LS #7714 LS #7714 1/23/23, 11:11 a.m. 1/23/23, 11:11 a.m.     Session 11 Session 11 NAB NAB LS #7930/8377/8607 LS #7930/8377/8607 Int. #1506-2019 Int. #1506-2019 Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text)

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/LegislationDetail.aspx?ID=5668104&GUID=5C6B908F-24BD-4EEB-88D4-C630B508AE39&Options=Advanced&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Reports File #: Res 0193-2022 Version: * Name: Establish that the interest rate be seven percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023 for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of more than $250,000 but less than or equal to $450,000, or more than $250,000 but less than or equal to $450,0 Type: Resolution Status: Adopted Committee: Committee on Finance On agenda: 6/2/2022 Enactment date: Law number: Title: Resolution to establish that the interest rate be seven percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023 for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of more than $250,000 but less than or equal to $450,000, or more than $250,000 but less than or equal to $450,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments. Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Shaun Abreu Council Member Sponsors: 2 Attachments: 1. Res. No. 193 , 2. Committee Report 6/2/22 , 3. Hearing Transcript 6/2/22 , 4. June 2, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  6-2-22 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 2, 2022 , 7. Memorandum , 8. Committee Report 6/16/22 , 9. Hearing Transcript 6/16/22 , 10. June 16, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 11. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  6-16-22 , 12. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 16, 2022 History (7) Text 7 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 6/16/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved, by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 6/16/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 6/16/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance P-C Item Laid Over by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available Res. No. 193 Resolution to establish that the interest rate be seven percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023 for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of more than $250,000 but less than or equal to $450,000, or more than $250,000 but less than or equal to $450,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments. By Council Members Ayala and Abreu Whereas, Pursuant to Section 11-224.1 of the Administrative Code of the City of New York, the Banking Commission is required to recommend to the City Council, not later than the 13th day of May of each year, the proposed interest rate to be charged for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of more than $250,000 but less than or equal to $450,000, or more than $250,000 but less than or equal to $450,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments; and Whereas, The Banking Commission is required to propose a rate of at least four percent per annum greater than the prevailing interest rate charged for commercial loans extended to prime borrowers by commercial banks operating in the City (the “Prime Rate”); and Whereas, The Banking Commission notes that as of May 12, 2022, the Prime Rate stands at four percent as published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System; and Whereas, It is in the best interest of the City to encourage the prompt payment of taxes on real estate by all taxpayers; and Whereas, The Banking Commission forwarded its recommendation to the Council, by letter dated May 13, 2022, that the interest rate to be charged for non-payment of taxes on properties where the assessed value on a parcel is more than $250,000 but less than or equal to $450,000, or more than $250,000 but less than or equal to $450,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments, be 12 percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023; now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Council of the City of New York establishes that the interest rate be seven percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023 for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of over 250,000 but less than or equal to $450,000, or more than $250,000 but less than or equal to $450,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments. MMB LS #9462 5/24/22; 9:40 a.m. Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text) Details Details Details Details Reports Reports Reports Reports File #: File #: Res 0193-2022 Version: * Res 0193-2022 Version: * Name: Name: Establish that the interest rate be seven percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023 for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of more than $250,000 but less than or equal to $450,000, or more than $250,000 but less than or equal to $450,0 Establish that the interest rate be seven percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023 for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of more than $250,000 but less than or equal to $450,000, or more than $250,000 but less than or equal to $450,0 Type: Type: Resolution Resolution Status: Status: Adopted Adopted   Committee: Committee: Committee on Finance On agenda: On agenda: 6/2/2022 6/2/2022   Enactment date: Enactment date:   Law number: Law number:   Title: Title: Resolution to establish that the interest rate be seven percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023 for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of more than $250,000 but less than or equal to $450,000, or more than $250,000 but less than or equal to $450,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments. Resolution to establish that the interest rate be seven percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023 for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of more than $250,000 but less than or equal to $450,000, or more than $250,000 but less than or equal to $450,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments. Sponsors: Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Shaun Abreu Diana I. Ayala , Shaun Abreu Council Member Sponsors: Council Member Sponsors: 2 2 Attachments: Attachments: 1. Res. No. 193 , 2. Committee Report 6/2/22 , 3. Hearing Transcript 6/2/22 , 4. June 2, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  6-2-22 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 2, 2022 , 7. Memorandum , 8. Committee Report 6/16/22 , 9. Hearing Transcript 6/16/22 , 10. June 16, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 11. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  6-16-22 , 12. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 16, 2022 1. Res. No. 193 , 2. Committee Report 6/2/22 , 3. Hearing Transcript 6/2/22 , 4. June 2, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  6-2-22 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 2, 2022 , 7. Memorandum , 8. Committee Report 6/16/22 , 9. Hearing Transcript 6/16/22 , 10. June 16, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 11. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  6-16-22 , 12. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 16, 2022 History (7) History (7) History (7) History (7) Text Text Text Text 7 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 7 records 7 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Date Group by Action By Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 6/16/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved, by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 6/16/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 6/16/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance P-C Item Laid Over by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 6/16/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved, by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/16/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/16/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Hearing on P-C Item by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance P-C Item Laid Over by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available Res. No. 193 Res. No. 193 Resolution to establish that the interest rate be seven percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023 for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of more than $250,000 but less than or equal to $450,000, or more than $250,000 but less than or equal to $450,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments. Resolution to establish that the interest rate be seven percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023 for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of more than $250,000 but less than or equal to $450,000, or more than $250,000 but less than or equal to $450,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments.   By Council Members Ayala and Abreu By Council Members Ayala and Abreu   Whereas, Pursuant to Section 11-224.1 of the Administrative Code of the City of New York, the Banking Commission is required to recommend to the City Council, not later than the 13th day of May of each year, the proposed interest rate to be charged for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of more than $250,000 but less than or equal to $450,000, or more than $250,000 but less than or equal to $450,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments; and Whereas, Pursuant to Section 11-224.1 of the Administrative Code of the City of New York, the Banking Commission is required to recommend to the City Council, not later than the 13th day of May of each year, the proposed interest rate to be charged for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of more than $250,000 but less than or equal to $450,000, or more than $250,000 but less than or equal to $450,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments; and Whereas, The Banking Commission is required to propose a rate of at least four percent per annum greater than the prevailing interest rate charged for commercial loans extended to prime borrowers by commercial banks operating in the City (the “Prime Rate”); and Whereas, The Banking Commission is required to propose a rate of at least four percent per annum greater than the prevailing interest rate charged for commercial loans extended to prime borrowers by commercial banks operating in the City (the “Prime Rate”); and Whereas, The Banking Commission notes that as of May 12, 2022, the Prime Rate stands at four percent as published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System; and Whereas, The Banking Commission notes that as of May 12, 2022, the Prime Rate stands at four percent as published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System; and Whereas, It is in the best interest of the City to encourage the prompt payment of taxes on real estate by all taxpayers; and Whereas, It is in the best interest of the City to encourage the prompt payment of taxes on real estate by all taxpayers; and Whereas, The Banking Commission forwarded its recommendation to the Council, by letter dated May 13, 2022, that the interest rate to be charged for non-payment of taxes on properties where the assessed value on a parcel is more than $250,000 but less than or equal to $450,000, or more than $250,000 but less than or equal to $450,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments, be 12 percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023; now, therefore, be it Whereas, The Banking Commission forwarded its recommendation to the Council, by letter dated May 13, 2022, that the interest rate to be charged for non-payment of taxes on properties where the assessed value on a parcel is more than $250,000 but less than or equal to $450,000, or more than $250,000 but less than or equal to $450,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments, be 12 percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023; now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Council of the City of New York establishes that the interest rate be seven percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023 for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of over 250,000 but less than or equal to $450,000, or more than $250,000 but less than or equal to $450,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments. Resolved, That the Council of the City of New York establishes that the interest rate be seven percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023 for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of over 250,000 but less than or equal to $450,000, or more than $250,000 but less than or equal to $450,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments. MMB MMB LS #9462 LS #9462 5/24/22; 9:40 a.m. 5/24/22; 9:40 a.m.   Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text)

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/LegislationDetail.aspx?ID=5668079&GUID=19BF695B-92CE-43AE-88D7-F453CF016457&Options=Advanced&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Reports File #: Res 0191-2022 Version: * Name: Establish that the discount percentage for early payment of real estate taxes be set at one-half of one percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023. Type: Resolution Status: Adopted Committee: Committee on Finance On agenda: 6/2/2022 Enactment date: Law number: Title: Resolution to establish that the discount percentage for early payment of real estate taxes be set at one-half of one percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023. Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Sandy Nurse Council Member Sponsors: 2 Attachments: 1. Res. No. 191 , 2. Committee Report , 3. Hearing Transcript , 4. June 2, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  6-2-22 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 2, 2022 History (5) Text 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved, by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance P-C Item Approved by Comm Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Preconsidered Res. No. 191 Resolution to establish that the discount percentage for early payment of real estate taxes be set at one-half of one percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023. By Council Members Ayala and Nurse Whereas, Pursuant to section 1519-a(7)(b) of the New York City charter, the Banking Commission is required to recommend to the City Council, not later than the 13th day of May, the proposed discount percentage allowed for early payment of real estate taxes; and Whereas, Section 1519-a(7)(c) of the New York City charter provides that the Council may adopt a discount percentage for early payment of real estate taxes no earlier than the 14th day of May; and Whereas, The Banking Commission forwarded its recommendation to the Council, by letter dated May 13, 2022, that the discount percentage for early payment of real estate taxes for Fiscal Year 2023 be set at one-half of one percent per annum; now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Council of the City of New York establishes that the discount percentage for early payment of real estate taxes be set at one-half of one percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023. MMB LS #9460 5/24/22; 9:38 a.m. Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text) Details Details Details Details Reports Reports Reports Reports File #: File #: Res 0191-2022 Version: * Res 0191-2022 Version: * Name: Name: Establish that the discount percentage for early payment of real estate taxes be set at one-half of one percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023. Establish that the discount percentage for early payment of real estate taxes be set at one-half of one percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023. Type: Type: Resolution Resolution Status: Status: Adopted Adopted   Committee: Committee: Committee on Finance On agenda: On agenda: 6/2/2022 6/2/2022   Enactment date: Enactment date:   Law number: Law number:   Title: Title: Resolution to establish that the discount percentage for early payment of real estate taxes be set at one-half of one percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023. Resolution to establish that the discount percentage for early payment of real estate taxes be set at one-half of one percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023. Sponsors: Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Sandy Nurse Diana I. Ayala , Sandy Nurse Council Member Sponsors: Council Member Sponsors: 2 2 Attachments: Attachments: 1. Res. No. 191 , 2. Committee Report , 3. Hearing Transcript , 4. June 2, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  6-2-22 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 2, 2022 1. Res. No. 191 , 2. Committee Report , 3. Hearing Transcript , 4. June 2, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  6-2-22 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 2, 2022 History (5) History (5) History (5) History (5) Text Text Text Text 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 5 records 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Date Group by Action By Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved, by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance P-C Item Approved by Comm Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved, by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Hearing on P-C Item by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance P-C Item Approved by Comm Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available Preconsidered Res. No. 191 Preconsidered Res. No. 191   Resolution to establish that the discount percentage for early payment of real estate taxes be set at one-half of one percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023. Resolution to establish that the discount percentage for early payment of real estate taxes be set at one-half of one percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023.   By Council Members Ayala and Nurse By Council Members Ayala and Nurse Whereas, Pursuant to section 1519-a(7)(b) of the New York City charter, the Banking Commission is required to recommend to the City Council, not later than the 13th day of May, the proposed discount percentage allowed for early payment of real estate taxes; and  Whereas,  Pursuant to section 1519-a(7)(b) of the New York City charter, the Banking Commission is required to recommend to the City Council, not later than the 13th day of May, the proposed discount percentage allowed for early payment of real estate taxes; and Whereas, Section 1519-a(7)(c) of the New York City charter provides that the Council may adopt a discount percentage for early payment of real estate taxes no earlier than the 14th day of May; and Whereas, Section 1519-a(7)(c) of the New York City charter provides that the Council may adopt a discount percentage for early payment of real estate taxes no earlier than the 14th day of May; and Whereas, The Banking Commission forwarded its recommendation to the Council, by letter dated May 13, 2022, that the discount percentage for early payment of real estate taxes for Fiscal Year 2023 be set at one-half of one percent per annum; now, therefore, be it Whereas, The Banking Commission forwarded its recommendation to the Council, by letter dated May 13, 2022, that the discount percentage for early payment of real estate taxes for Fiscal Year 2023 be set at one-half of one percent per annum; now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Council of the City of New York establishes that the discount percentage for early payment of real estate taxes be set at one-half of one percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023. Resolved, That the Council of the City of New York establishes that the discount percentage for early payment of real estate taxes be set at one-half of one percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023.           MMB MMB LS #9460 LS #9460 5/24/22; 9:38 a.m. 5/24/22; 9:38 a.m.   Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text)

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/LegislationDetail.aspx?ID=3713958&GUID=7AC49EC1-83C2-4FD6-98C8-C1938CFBAAAC&Options=Advanced&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Reports File #: Int 1180-2018 Version: * A Name: Mental health training for senior center caseworkers. Type: Introduction Status: Enacted Committee: Committee on Aging On agenda: 10/31/2018 Enactment date: 6/29/2019 Law number: 2019/125 Title: A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to mental health training for senior center caseworkers Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Margaret S. Chin , Justin L. Brannan , Alicka Ampry-Samuel , Ben Kallos , Peter A. Koo , Paul A. Vallone , Helen K. Rosenthal , Brad S. Lander , Mathieu Eugene , Chaim M. Deutsch , Deborah L. Rose , Ruben Diaz, Sr. , Robert F. Holden , Carlina Rivera , Robert E. Cornegy, Jr. , Stephen T. Levin Council Member Sponsors: 17 Summary: This legislation would require caseworkers providing services at senior centers to complete the mental health first aid training course for older adults offered by the Department of Health and Mental Hygiene, or any successor agency, and to complete a refresher training course at least once every three years. Attachments: 1. Summary of Int. No. 1180-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 1180 , 3. Int. No. 1180 , 4. October 31, 2018 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 10-31-2018 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - October 31, 2018 , 7. Committee Report 11/19/18 , 8. Hearing Testimony 11/19/18 , 9. Hearing Transcript 11/19/18 , 10. Proposed Int. No. 1180-A - 5/23/19 , 11. Committee Report 5/28/19 , 12. Hearing Transcript 5/28/19 , 13. Committee Report - Stated Meeting , 14. May 29, 2019 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 15. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 5-29-19 , 16. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - May 29, 2019 , 17. Minutes of the Recessed Meeting of May 29, 2019 Held on June 13, 2019 , 18. Int. No. 1180-A  (FINAL) , 19. Fiscal Impact Statement , 20. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor , 21. Local Law 125 History (14) Text 14 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 7/2/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Returned Unsigned by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 6/29/2019 A Diana I. Ayala Administration City Charter Rule Adopted Action details Meeting details Not available 5/29/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 5/29/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 5/28/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Aging Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 5/28/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Aging Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 5/28/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Aging Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 5/28/2019 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Aging Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 11/19/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 11/19/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 11/19/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Aging Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 11/19/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Aging Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 10/31/2018 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 10/31/2018 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available Int. No. 1180-A By Council Members Ayala, Chin, Brannan, Ampry-Samuel, Kallos, Koo, Vallone, Rosenthal, Lander, Eugene, Deutsch, Rose, R. Diaz, Holden, Rivera, Cornegy and Levin A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to mental health training for senior center caseworkers Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Section 1. Chapter 2 of title 21 of the administrative code of the city of New York is amended by adding a new section 21-209 to read as follows: § 21-209 Mental health training for senior center case workers. a. Definitions. For the purposes of this section, the term “caseworker” means an individual employed by a senior center that receives funding from the department to provide services on-site pursuant to a contract procured under chapter 13 of the charter and through a source selection method established by procurement policy board rule, who provides case assistance, information and referrals for benefits and social services at such a senior center. b. Each caseworker shall complete a training to recognize the signs and symptoms of mental illness for older adults offered by the department of health and mental hygiene or a successor agency, provided that such department offers such training. c. At least once every three years after completing the training described in subdivision b of this section, each caseworker shall receive supplemental refresher training, provided that the department of health and mental hygiene or a successor agency offers such training. § 2. This local law takes effect 120 days after it becomes law. NJC LS 7553 3/4/2019, 3:14 PM Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text) Details Details Details Details Reports Reports Reports Reports File #: File #: Int 1180-2018 Version: * A Int 1180-2018 Version: Name: Name: Mental health training for senior center caseworkers. Mental health training for senior center caseworkers. Type: Type: Introduction Introduction Status: Status: Enacted Enacted   Committee: Committee: Committee on Aging On agenda: On agenda: 10/31/2018 10/31/2018   Enactment date: Enactment date: 6/29/2019 6/29/2019 Law number: Law number: 2019/125 2019/125 Title: Title: A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to mental health training for senior center caseworkers A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to mental health training for senior center caseworkers Sponsors: Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Margaret S. Chin , Justin L. Brannan , Alicka Ampry-Samuel , Ben Kallos , Peter A. Koo , Paul A. Vallone , Helen K. Rosenthal , Brad S. Lander , Mathieu Eugene , Chaim M. Deutsch , Deborah L. Rose , Ruben Diaz, Sr. , Robert F. Holden , Carlina Rivera , Robert E. Cornegy, Jr. , Stephen T. Levin Diana I. Ayala , Margaret S. Chin , Justin L. Brannan , Alicka Ampry-Samuel , Ben Kallos , Peter A. Koo , Paul A. Vallone , Helen K. Rosenthal , Brad S. Lander , Mathieu Eugene , Chaim M. Deutsch , Deborah L. Rose , Ruben Diaz, Sr. , Robert F. Holden , Carlina Rivera , Robert E. Cornegy, Jr. , Stephen T. Levin Council Member Sponsors: Council Member Sponsors: 17 17 Summary: Summary: This legislation would require caseworkers providing services at senior centers to complete the mental health first aid training course for older adults offered by the Department of Health and Mental Hygiene, or any successor agency, and to complete a refresher training course at least once every three years. This legislation would require caseworkers providing services at senior centers to complete the mental health first aid training course for older adults offered by the Department of Health and Mental Hygiene, or any successor agency, and to complete a refresher training course at least once every three years. Attachments: Attachments: 1. Summary of Int. No. 1180-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 1180 , 3. Int. No. 1180 , 4. October 31, 2018 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 10-31-2018 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - October 31, 2018 , 7. Committee Report 11/19/18 , 8. Hearing Testimony 11/19/18 , 9. Hearing Transcript 11/19/18 , 10. Proposed Int. No. 1180-A - 5/23/19 , 11. Committee Report 5/28/19 , 12. Hearing Transcript 5/28/19 , 13. Committee Report - Stated Meeting , 14. May 29, 2019 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 15. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 5-29-19 , 16. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - May 29, 2019 , 17. Minutes of the Recessed Meeting of May 29, 2019 Held on June 13, 2019 , 18. Int. No. 1180-A  (FINAL) , 19. Fiscal Impact Statement , 20. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor , 21. Local Law 125 1. Summary of Int. No. 1180-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 1180 , 3. Int. No. 1180 , 4. October 31, 2018 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 10-31-2018 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - October 31, 2018 , 7. Committee Report 11/19/18 , 8. Hearing Testimony 11/19/18 , 9. Hearing Transcript 11/19/18 , 10. Proposed Int. No. 1180-A - 5/23/19 , 11. Committee Report 5/28/19 , 12. Hearing Transcript 5/28/19 , 13. Committee Report - Stated Meeting , 14. May 29, 2019 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 15. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 5-29-19 , 16. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - May 29, 2019 , 17. Minutes of the Recessed Meeting of May 29, 2019 Held on June 13, 2019 , 18. Int. No. 1180-A  (FINAL) , 19. Fiscal Impact Statement , 20. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor , 21. Local Law 125 History (14) History (14) History (14) History (14) Text Text Text Text 14 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 14 records 14 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Date Group by Action By Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 7/2/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Returned Unsigned by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 6/29/2019 A Diana I. Ayala Administration City Charter Rule Adopted Action details Meeting details Not available 5/29/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 5/29/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 5/28/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Aging Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 5/28/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Aging Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 5/28/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Aging Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 5/28/2019 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Aging Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 11/19/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 11/19/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 11/19/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Aging Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 11/19/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Aging Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 10/31/2018 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 10/31/2018 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 7/2/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Returned Unsigned by Mayor  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/29/2019 A Diana I. Ayala Administration City Charter Rule Adopted  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 5/29/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 5/29/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 5/28/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Aging Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 5/28/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Aging Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 5/28/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Aging Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 5/28/2019 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Aging Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 11/19/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Laid Over by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 11/19/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 11/19/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Aging Laid Over by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 11/19/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Aging Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 10/31/2018 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 10/31/2018 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available Int. No. 1180-A Int. No. 1180-A   By Council Members Ayala, Chin, Brannan, Ampry-Samuel, Kallos, Koo, Vallone, Rosenthal, Lander, Eugene, Deutsch, Rose, R. Diaz, Holden, Rivera, Cornegy and Levin By Council Members Ayala, Chin, Brannan, Ampry-Samuel, Kallos, Koo, Vallone, Rosenthal, Lander, Eugene, Deutsch, Rose, R. Diaz, Holden, Rivera, Cornegy and Levin   A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to mental health training for senior center caseworkers A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to mental health training for senior center caseworkers   Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Be it enacted by the Council as follows:   Section 1. Chapter 2 of title 21 of the administrative code of the city of New York is amended by adding a new section 21-209 to read as follows: Section 1. Chapter 2 of title 21 of the administrative code of the city of New York is amended by adding a new section 21-209 to read as follows: § 21-209 Mental health training for senior center case workers. a. Definitions. For the § 21-209 Mental health training for senior center case workers. a. Definitions. For the purposes of this section, the term “caseworker” means an individual employed by a senior center that receives funding from the department to provide services on-site pursuant to a contract procured under chapter 13 of the charter and through a source selection method established by procurement policy board rule, who provides case assistance, information and referrals for benefits and social services at such a senior center. purposes of this section, the term “caseworker” means an individual employed by a senior center that receives funding from the department to provide services on-site pursuant to a contract procured under chapter 13 of the charter and through a source selection method established by procurement policy board rule, who provides case assistance, information and referrals for benefits and social services at such a senior center. b. Each caseworker shall complete a training to recognize the signs and symptoms of mental illness for older adults offered by the department of health and mental hygiene or a successor agency, provided that such department offers such training. b. Each caseworker shall complete a training to recognize the signs and symptoms of mental illness for older adults offered by the department of health and mental hygiene or a successor agency, provided that such department offers such training. c. At least once every three years after completing the training described in subdivision b of this section, each caseworker shall receive supplemental refresher training, provided that the department of health and mental hygiene or a successor agency offers such training. c. At least once every three years after completing the training described in subdivision b of this section, each caseworker shall receive supplemental refresher training, provided that the department of health and mental hygiene or a successor agency offers such training. § 2. This local law takes effect 120 days after it becomes law. § 2. This local law takes effect 120 days after it becomes law. NJC NJC LS 7553 LS 7553 3/4/2019, 3:14 PM 3/4/2019, 3:14 PM         Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text)

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/LegislationDetail.aspx?ID=5210941&GUID=0D00D653-90C5-430A-A738-EBCE7E0BF4AA&Options=Advanced&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Reports File #: Int 2442-2021 Version: * A Name: Establishing an office of community mental health. Type: Introduction Status: Enacted Committee: Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction On agenda: 11/10/2021 Enactment date: 12/22/2021 Law number: 2021/155 Title: A Local Law to amend the New York city charter, in relation to establishing an office of community mental health Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Ben Kallos , Helen K. Rosenthal , James F. Gennaro , (by request of the Mayor) Council Member Sponsors: 4 Summary: This bill would require the Mayor to establish an Office of Community Mental Health (OCMH) within the Executive Office of the Mayor, or as a separate office, or within any other agency or office headed by a mayoral appointee. OCMH would be charged with the following duties and operations: request and receive the assistance of any other agency or office; develop and support the implementation of strategies to close gaps in mental health care; develop interagency policies and practices to promote mental health; decrease any barriers to mental health care that may prevent access among groups identified as being under-served; and perform any other relevant duties as the mayor may assign. Additionally, OCMH would be responsible to ensure interagency coordination with DOHMH or any other office or agency. This bill would also require the establishment of a Mental Health Council to advise OCMH on issues relating to mental health and mental health care and facilitate coordination and cooperation among city agencies. Finally, OCMH would be required to annually report to the Mayor and Speaker of the Council, and post to OCMH’s website, a report identifying critical gaps in mental health care that are preventing New Yorkers with mental health needs from accessing and staying connected to care. Indexes: Other Appointment Required, Report Required Attachments: 1. Summary of Int. No. 2442-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 2442 , 3. Int. No. 2442 , 4. November 10, 2021 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 11-10-21 , 6. Committee Report 11/17/21 , 7. Hearing Testimony 11/17/21 , 8. Hearing Transcript 11/17/21 , 9. Proposed Int. No. 2442-A - 12/2/21 , 10. Committee Report 12/8/21 , 11. Hearing Transcript 12/8/21 , 12. Committee Report - Stated Meeting , 13. December 9, 2021 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 14. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 12-9-21 , 15. Int. No. 2442-A (FINAL) , 16. Fiscal Impact Statement , 17. Mayor's Letter , 18. Local Law 155 , 19. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - November 10, 2021 , 20. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - December 9, 2021 History (15) Text 15 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 12/23/2021 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Recved from Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 12/22/2021 A Diana I. Ayala Mayor Signed Into Law by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 12/22/2021 A Diana I. Ayala Mayor Hearing Held by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 12/9/2021 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 12/9/2021 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 12/8/2021 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 12/8/2021 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 12/8/2021 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Amended by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 12/8/2021 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 11/17/2021 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Veterans Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 11/17/2021 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Veterans Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 11/17/2021 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 11/17/2021 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 11/10/2021 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 11/10/2021 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available Int. No. 2442-A By Council Members Ayala, Kallos, Rosenthal and Gennaro (by request of the Mayor) A Local Law to amend the New York city charter, in relation to establishing an office of community mental health Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Section 1. Chapter 1 of the New York city charter is amended by adding a new section 20-m to read as follows: § 20-m. Office of community mental health and mental health council. a. Definition. For the purposes of this section, the term “director” means the director of the office of community mental health. b. Office of community mental health. The mayor shall establish an office of community mental health. Such office may be established within the executive office of the mayor or as a separate office or within any other agency or office headed by a mayoral appointee as the mayor may determine. Such office shall be headed by a director, who shall be appointed by the mayor or by the head of such other agency or office. c. Powers and duties. The director shall have the power and duty to: 1. Request and receive the assistance of any other agency or office the director deems necessary to further efforts to: (a) Reduce substance misuse and promote access to services for substance use disorder; (b) Promote access to treatment for New Yorkers with mental health needs; (c) Promote equity in access to treatment; (d) Reduce any racial and ethnic disparity in reported mental health emergencies in the city; and (e) Reduce the incidence of mental health emergencies occurring in the city and address individual’s mental health needs before they become crises. 2. Develop and support the implementation of strategies to close gaps in mental health care identified by the office established pursuant to this section by: (a) Monitoring the implementation of such proposals; and (b) Providing data and budgetary information of such programs on such office’s website. 3. Develop interagency policies and practices to promote mental health. Such policies and practices shall include coordination with other agencies to: (a) Effectively and equitably promote mental health crisis prevention, intervention and stabilization practices; (b) Promote mental health screening; (c) Facilitate referrals to mental health care; (d) Offer training; and (e) Implement other strategies to promote mental health. 4. Decrease any barriers to mental health care that may prevent access among groups identified as being under-served by such care by: (a) Developing and implementing strategic partnerships with other agencies and entities to increase access to mental health care; and (b) Disseminating resources to enhance mental health literacy, promote access to mental health care, and promote equity in access to treatment. 5. Perform such other relevant duties as the mayor may assign. d. Interagency coordination. In performing their duties, the director shall coordinate with the commissioner of health and mental hygiene, or their designee; and any other agency or office the director deems necessary to further the duties of the office established pursuant to this section . e. Mental health council. 1. There shall be established a mental health council to advise the office of community mental health on issues relating to mental health and mental health care and facilitate coordination and cooperation among city agencies. Such council may: (a) Recommend initiatives and methods to promote mental wellbeing and increase access to high quality mental health care, and address structural determinants of mental health; (b) Identify methods for advocating for New Yorkers with mental health needs and recommend support programs to remove barriers to mental health treatment and ensure stable and productive lives; (c) Recommend legislative or regulatory action to improve the lives of people suffering from mental illness and to promote mental health; (d) Identify methods for such office to support other stakeholders working to provide effective, high quality mental health and care; and (e) Recommend strategies for such office to educate the public about mental health and available resources. 2. The mental health council shall be convened by the director at least twice each year, and at any other time the director determines. 3. The mental health council shall consist of delegees of any office or agency the director determines the participation of which would aid such office’s efforts. f. Scope. Nothing in this section shall be construed to affect the powers and duties of the department of health and mental hygiene and the mental hygiene advisory board pursuant to chapter 22 of the charter, article 41 of the mental hygiene law or other applicable law. Powers and duties conferred by this section on the office of community mental health or the mental health council that are within the scope of the powers and duties of such department or board shall be exercised in coordination with such department or board. g. Reporting. No later than January 31 of each year, the office of community mental health shall submit to the mayor and speaker of the council, and post to such office’s website, a report identifying critical gaps in mental health care that are preventing New Yorkers with mental health needs from accessing and staying connected to care. To identify such gaps, such office may review existing data and research, conduct research as needed, and interview agency staff, community partners, mental health providers and other relevant experts. § 2. This local law takes effect 90 days after it becomes law. SIL 12/01/2021 7:10 pm Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text) Details Details Details Details Reports Reports Reports Reports File #: File #: Int 2442-2021 Version: * A Int 2442-2021 Version: Name: Name: Establishing an office of community mental health. Establishing an office of community mental health. Type: Type: Introduction Introduction Status: Status: Enacted Enacted   Committee: Committee: Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction On agenda: On agenda: 11/10/2021 11/10/2021   Enactment date: Enactment date: 12/22/2021 12/22/2021 Law number: Law number: 2021/155 2021/155 Title: Title: A Local Law to amend the New York city charter, in relation to establishing an office of community mental health A Local Law to amend the New York city charter, in relation to establishing an office of community mental health Sponsors: Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Ben Kallos , Helen K. Rosenthal , James F. Gennaro , (by request of the Mayor) Diana I. Ayala , Ben Kallos , Helen K. Rosenthal , James F. Gennaro , (by request of the Mayor) Council Member Sponsors: Council Member Sponsors: 4 4 Summary: Summary: This bill would require the Mayor to establish an Office of Community Mental Health (OCMH) within the Executive Office of the Mayor, or as a separate office, or within any other agency or office headed by a mayoral appointee. OCMH would be charged with the following duties and operations: request and receive the assistance of any other agency or office; develop and support the implementation of strategies to close gaps in mental health care; develop interagency policies and practices to promote mental health; decrease any barriers to mental health care that may prevent access among groups identified as being under-served; and perform any other relevant duties as the mayor may assign. Additionally, OCMH would be responsible to ensure interagency coordination with DOHMH or any other office or agency. This bill would also require the establishment of a Mental Health Council to advise OCMH on issues relating to mental health and mental health care and facilitate coordination and cooperation among city agencies. Finally, OCMH would be required to annually report to the Mayor and Speaker of the Council, and post to OCMH’s website, a report identifying critical gaps in mental health care that are preventing New Yorkers with mental health needs from accessing and staying connected to care. This bill would require the Mayor to establish an Office of Community Mental Health (OCMH) within the Executive Office of the Mayor, or as a separate office, or within any other agency or office headed by a mayoral appointee. OCMH would be charged with the following duties and operations: request and receive the assistance of any other agency or office; develop and support the implementation of strategies to close gaps in mental health care; develop interagency policies and practices to promote mental health; decrease any barriers to mental health care that may prevent access among groups identified as being under-served; and perform any other relevant duties as the mayor may assign. Additionally, OCMH would be responsible to ensure interagency coordination with DOHMH or any other office or agency. This bill would also require the establishment of a Mental Health Council to advise OCMH on issues relating to mental health and mental health care and facilitate coordination and cooperation among city agencies. Finally, OCMH would be required to annually report to the Mayor and Speaker of the Council, and post to OCMH’s website, a report identifying critical gaps in mental health care that are preventing New Yorkers with mental health needs from accessing and staying connected to care. Indexes: Indexes: Other Appointment Required, Report Required Other Appointment Required, Report Required Attachments: Attachments: 1. Summary of Int. No. 2442-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 2442 , 3. Int. No. 2442 , 4. November 10, 2021 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 11-10-21 , 6. Committee Report 11/17/21 , 7. Hearing Testimony 11/17/21 , 8. Hearing Transcript 11/17/21 , 9. Proposed Int. No. 2442-A - 12/2/21 , 10. Committee Report 12/8/21 , 11. Hearing Transcript 12/8/21 , 12. Committee Report - Stated Meeting , 13. December 9, 2021 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 14. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 12-9-21 , 15. Int. No. 2442-A (FINAL) , 16. Fiscal Impact Statement , 17. Mayor's Letter , 18. Local Law 155 , 19. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - November 10, 2021 , 20. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - December 9, 2021 1. Summary of Int. No. 2442-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 2442 , 3. Int. No. 2442 , 4. November 10, 2021 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 11-10-21 , 6. Committee Report 11/17/21 , 7. Hearing Testimony 11/17/21 , 8. Hearing Transcript 11/17/21 , 9. Proposed Int. No. 2442-A - 12/2/21 , 10. Committee Report 12/8/21 , 11. Hearing Transcript 12/8/21 , 12. Committee Report - Stated Meeting , 13. December 9, 2021 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 14. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 12-9-21 , 15. Int. No. 2442-A (FINAL) , 16. Fiscal Impact Statement , 17. Mayor's Letter , 18. Local Law 155 , 19. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - November 10, 2021 , 20. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - December 9, 2021 History (15) History (15) History (15) History (15) Text Text Text Text 15 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 15 records 15 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Date Group by Action By Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 12/23/2021 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Recved from Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 12/22/2021 A Diana I. Ayala Mayor Signed Into Law by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 12/22/2021 A Diana I. Ayala Mayor Hearing Held by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 12/9/2021 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 12/9/2021 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 12/8/2021 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 12/8/2021 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 12/8/2021 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Amended by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 12/8/2021 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 11/17/2021 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Veterans Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 11/17/2021 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Veterans Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 11/17/2021 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 11/17/2021 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 11/10/2021 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 11/10/2021 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 12/23/2021 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Recved from Mayor by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 12/22/2021 A Diana I. Ayala Mayor Signed Into Law by Mayor  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 12/22/2021 A Diana I. Ayala Mayor Hearing Held by Mayor  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 12/9/2021 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 12/9/2021 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 12/8/2021 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 12/8/2021 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 12/8/2021 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Amended by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 12/8/2021 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 11/17/2021 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Veterans Laid Over by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 11/17/2021 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Veterans Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 11/17/2021 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 11/17/2021 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Laid Over by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 11/10/2021 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 11/10/2021 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available Int. No. 2442-A Int. No. 2442-A   By Council Members Ayala, Kallos, Rosenthal and Gennaro (by request of the Mayor) By Council Members Ayala, Kallos, Rosenthal and Gennaro (by request of the Mayor)   A Local Law to amend the New York city charter, in relation to establishing an office of community mental health A Local Law to amend the New York city charter, in relation to establishing an office of community mental health   Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Be it enacted by the Council as follows:   Section 1. Chapter 1 of the New York city charter is amended by adding a new section 20-m to read as follows: Section 1. Chapter 1 of the New York city charter is amended by adding a new section 20-m to read as follows: § 20-m. Office of community mental health and mental health council. a. Definition. For the purposes of this section, the term “director” means the director of the office of community mental health. § 20-m. Office of community mental health and mental health council. a. Definition. For the purposes of this section, the term “director” means the director of the office of community mental health. b. Office of community mental health. The mayor shall establish an office of community mental health. Such office may be established within the executive office of the mayor or as a separate office or within any other agency or office headed by a mayoral appointee as the mayor may determine. Such office shall be headed by a director, who shall be appointed by the mayor or by the head of such other agency or office. b. Office of community mental health. The mayor shall establish an office of community mental health. Such office may be established within the executive office of the mayor or as a separate office or within any other agency or office headed by a mayoral appointee as the mayor may determine. Such office shall be headed by a director, who shall be appointed by the mayor or by the head of such other agency or office. c. Powers and duties. The director shall have the power and duty to: c. Powers and duties. The director shall have the power and duty to: 1. Request and receive the assistance of any other agency or office the director deems necessary to further efforts to: 1. Request and receive the assistance of any other agency or office the director deems necessary to further efforts to: (a) Reduce substance misuse and promote access to services for substance use disorder; (a) Reduce substance misuse and promote access to services for substance use disorder; (b) Promote access to treatment for New Yorkers with mental health needs; (b) Promote access to treatment for New Yorkers with mental health needs; (c) Promote equity in access to treatment; (c) Promote equity in access to treatment; (d) Reduce any racial and ethnic disparity in reported mental health emergencies in the city; and (d) Reduce any racial and ethnic disparity in reported mental health emergencies in the city; and (e) Reduce the incidence of mental health emergencies occurring in the city and address individual’s mental health needs before they become crises. (e) Reduce the incidence of mental health emergencies occurring in the city and address individual’s mental health needs before they become crises. 2. Develop and support the implementation of strategies to close gaps in mental health care identified by the office established pursuant to this section by: 2. Develop and support the implementation of strategies to close gaps in mental health care identified by the office established pursuant to this section by: (a) Monitoring the implementation of such proposals; and (a) Monitoring the implementation of such proposals; and (b) Providing data and budgetary information of such programs on such office’s website. (b) Providing data and budgetary information of such programs on such office’s website. 3. Develop interagency policies and practices to promote mental health. Such policies and practices shall include coordination with other agencies to: 3. Develop interagency policies and practices to promote mental health. Such policies and practices shall include coordination with other agencies to: (a) Effectively and equitably promote mental health crisis prevention, intervention and stabilization practices; (a) Effectively and equitably promote mental health crisis prevention, intervention and stabilization practices; (b) Promote mental health screening; (b) Promote mental health screening; (c) Facilitate referrals to mental health care; (c) Facilitate referrals to mental health care; (d) Offer training; and (d) Offer training; and (e) Implement other strategies to promote mental health. (e) Implement other strategies to promote mental health. 4. Decrease any barriers to mental health care that may prevent access among groups identified as being under-served by such care by: 4. Decrease any barriers to mental health care that may prevent access among groups identified as being under-served by such care by: (a) Developing and implementing strategic partnerships with other agencies and entities to increase access to mental health care; and (a) Developing and implementing strategic partnerships with other agencies and entities to increase access to mental health care; and (b) Disseminating resources to enhance mental health literacy, promote access to mental health care, and promote equity in access to treatment. (b) Disseminating resources to enhance mental health literacy, promote access to mental health care, and promote equity in access to treatment. 5. Perform such other relevant duties as the mayor may assign. 5. Perform such other relevant duties as the mayor may assign. d. Interagency coordination. In performing their duties, the director shall coordinate with the commissioner of health and mental hygiene, or their designee; and any other agency or office the director deems necessary to further the duties of the office established pursuant to this section . d. Interagency coordination. In performing their duties, the director shall coordinate with the commissioner of health and mental hygiene, or their designee; and any other agency or office the director deems necessary to further the duties of the office established pursuant to this section . e. Mental health council. 1. There shall be established a mental health council to advise the office of community mental health on issues relating to mental health and mental health care and facilitate coordination and cooperation among city agencies. Such council may: e. Mental health council. 1. There shall be established a mental health council to advise the office of community mental health on issues relating to mental health and mental health care and facilitate coordination and cooperation among city agencies. Such council may: (a) Recommend initiatives and methods to promote mental wellbeing and increase access to high quality mental health care, and address structural determinants of mental health; (a) Recommend initiatives and methods to promote mental wellbeing and increase access to high quality mental health care, and address structural determinants of mental health; (b) Identify methods for advocating for New Yorkers with mental health needs and recommend support programs to remove barriers to mental health treatment and ensure stable and productive lives; (b) Identify methods for advocating for New Yorkers with mental health needs and recommend support programs to remove barriers to mental health treatment and ensure stable and productive lives; (c) Recommend legislative or regulatory action to improve the lives of people suffering from mental illness and to promote mental health; (c) Recommend legislative or regulatory action to improve the lives of people suffering from mental illness and to promote mental health; (d) Identify methods for such office to support other stakeholders working to provide effective, high quality mental health and care; and (d) Identify methods for such office to support other stakeholders working to provide effective, high quality mental health and care; and (e) Recommend strategies for such office to educate the public about mental health and available resources. (e) Recommend strategies for such office to educate the public about mental health and available resources. 2. The mental health council shall be convened by the director at least twice each year, and at any other time the director determines. 2. The mental health council shall be convened by the director at least twice each year, and at any other time the director determines. 3. The mental health council shall consist of delegees of any office or agency the director determines the participation of which would aid such office’s efforts. 3. The mental health council shall consist of delegees of any office or agency the director determines the participation of which would aid such office’s efforts. f. Scope. Nothing in this section shall be construed to affect the powers and duties of the department of health and mental hygiene and the mental hygiene advisory board pursuant to chapter 22 of the charter, article 41 of the mental hygiene law or other applicable law. Powers and duties conferred by this section on the office of community mental health or the mental health council that are within the scope of the powers and duties of such department or board shall be exercised in coordination with such department or board. f. Scope. Nothing in this section shall be construed to affect the powers and duties of the department of health and mental hygiene and the mental hygiene advisory board pursuant to chapter 22 of the charter, article 41 of the mental hygiene law or other applicable law. Powers and duties conferred by this section on the office of community mental health or the mental health council that are within the scope of the powers and duties of such department or board shall be exercised in coordination with such department or board. g. Reporting. No later than January 31 of each year, the office of community mental health shall submit to the mayor and speaker of the council, and post to such office’s website, a report identifying critical gaps in mental health care that are preventing New Yorkers with mental health needs from accessing and staying connected to care. To identify such gaps, such office may review existing data and research, conduct research as needed, and interview agency staff, community partners, mental health providers and other relevant experts. g. Reporting. No later than January 31 of each year, the office of community mental health shall submit to the mayor and speaker of the council, and post to such office’s website, a report identifying critical gaps in mental health care that are preventing New Yorkers with mental health needs from accessing and staying connected to care. To identify such gaps, such office may review existing data and research, conduct research as needed, and interview agency staff, community partners, mental health providers and other relevant experts. § 2. This local law takes effect 90 days after it becomes law. § 2. This local law takes effect 90 days after it becomes law.     SIL SIL 12/01/2021 7:10 pm 12/01/2021 7:10 pm           Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text)

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/LegislationDetail.aspx?ID=4286206&GUID=178E637A-CB2B-4316-9E38-91718C698EB5&Options=Advanced&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Reports File #: Int 1830-2019 Version: * A Name: Publication of 311 service level agreements. Type: Introduction Status: Enacted Committee: Committee on Governmental Operations On agenda: 12/19/2019 Enactment date: 3/14/2021 Law number: 2021/027 Title: A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to publication of 311 service level agreements Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Kalman Yeger , Ben Kallos , Justin L. Brannan , Darma V. Diaz , Brad S. Lander , Inez D. Barron , Eric A. Ulrich Council Member Sponsors: 8 Summary: This bill would require 311 to post each agency’s service level agreements on the Open Data portal, provide a link to such posting on the 311 website, and maintain a separate page on the 311 website providing general background information on service level agreements. Service level agreements set forth the number of day within which each agency will respond to and close a request for service or complaint. Attachments: 1. Summary of Int. No. 1830-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 1830 , 3. Int. No. 1830 , 4. December 19, 2019 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 12-19-19 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - December 19, 2019 , 7. Committee Report 1/21/20 , 8. Hearing Testimony 1/21/20 , 9. Hearing Transcript 1/21/20 , 10. Proposed Int. No. 1830-A - 2/11/21 , 11. Committee Report 2/11/21 , 12. Hearing Transcript 2/11/21 , 13. Committee Report - Stated Meeting , 14. February 11, 2021 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 15. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 2-11-21 , 16. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - February 11, 2021 , 17. Int. No. 1830-A (FINAL) , 18. Fiscal Impact Statement , 19. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor , 20. Local Law 27 History (14) Text 14 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 3/15/2021 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Returned Unsigned by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 3/14/2021 A Diana I. Ayala Administration City Charter Rule Adopted Action details Meeting details Not available 2/11/2021 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 2/11/2021 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 2/11/2021 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Governmental Operations Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 2/11/2021 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Governmental Operations Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 2/11/2021 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Governmental Operations Amended by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 2/11/2021 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Governmental Operations Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 1/21/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Technology Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 1/21/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Technology Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 1/21/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Governmental Operations Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 1/21/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Governmental Operations Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 12/19/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 12/19/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available Int. No. 1830-A By Council Members Ayala, Yeger, Kallos, Brannan, D. Diaz, Lander, Barron and Ulrich A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to publication of 311 service level agreements Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Section 1. a. The 311 customer service center shall: 1. Post on the single web portal described in section 23-502 of the administrative code of the city of New York each agency’s service level agreements; 2. Provide a link to such posting in a conspicuous location on the 311 customer service center’s website; and 3. Create and maintain on a separate page of the 311 customer service center’s website information about service level agreements. b. For purposes of this section, the term “service level agreement” means the maximum number of hours or days within which an agency has committed to review, take action on and close a particular category of requests for service or complaints referred by the 311 customer service center to such agency. § 2. Section 23-305 of the administrative code of the city of New York, as added by a local law for the year 2021 amending the administrative code of the city of New York, relating to requiring 311 to notify each agency when a request for service or complaint has not been closed within the number of days specified by such agency’s service level agreement, as proposed in introduction number 1832 for the year 2019, is amended to read as follows: § 23-305 Service level agreements. a. Publication. The 311 customer service center shall: 1. Post on the single web portal described in section 23-502 of this code each agency’s service level agreements; 2. Provide a link to such posting in a conspicuous location on the 311 customer service center’s website; and 3. Create and maintain on a separate page of the 311 customer service center’s website information about service level agreements. b. Notification to agencies. The 311 customer service center shall notify the applicable agency when a customer’s request for service, or complaint, referred by the 311 customer service center to such agency has not been closed within the time specified by such agency’s service level agreement. c. Definition. For purposes of this section, the term “service level agreement” means the maximum number of hours or days within which an agency has committed to review, take action on and close a particular category of requests for service or complaints referred by the 311 customer service center to such agency. § 3. This local law takes effect 120 days after it becomes law, provided, however that section one of this local law is deemed repealed, and section two of this local law takes effect, on the date on which the local law for the year 2021 amending the administrative code of the city of New York, relating to requiring 311 to notify each agency when a request for service or complaint has not been closed within the number of days specified by such agency’s service level agreement, as proposed in introduction number 1832 for the year 2019, takes effect. DFC/cjm LS #10237 02/03/2021 Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text) Details Details Details Details Reports Reports Reports Reports File #: File #: Int 1830-2019 Version: * A Int 1830-2019 Version: Name: Name: Publication of 311 service level agreements. Publication of 311 service level agreements. Type: Type: Introduction Introduction Status: Status: Enacted Enacted   Committee: Committee: Committee on Governmental Operations On agenda: On agenda: 12/19/2019 12/19/2019   Enactment date: Enactment date: 3/14/2021 3/14/2021 Law number: Law number: 2021/027 2021/027 Title: Title: A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to publication of 311 service level agreements A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to publication of 311 service level agreements Sponsors: Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Kalman Yeger , Ben Kallos , Justin L. Brannan , Darma V. Diaz , Brad S. Lander , Inez D. Barron , Eric A. Ulrich Diana I. Ayala , Kalman Yeger , Ben Kallos , Justin L. Brannan , Darma V. Diaz , Brad S. Lander , Inez D. Barron , Eric A. Ulrich Council Member Sponsors: Council Member Sponsors: 8 8 Summary: Summary: This bill would require 311 to post each agency’s service level agreements on the Open Data portal, provide a link to such posting on the 311 website, and maintain a separate page on the 311 website providing general background information on service level agreements. Service level agreements set forth the number of day within which each agency will respond to and close a request for service or complaint. This bill would require 311 to post each agency’s service level agreements on the Open Data portal, provide a link to such posting on the 311 website, and maintain a separate page on the 311 website providing general background information on service level agreements. Service level agreements set forth the number of day within which each agency will respond to and close a request for service or complaint. Attachments: Attachments: 1. Summary of Int. No. 1830-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 1830 , 3. Int. No. 1830 , 4. December 19, 2019 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 12-19-19 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - December 19, 2019 , 7. Committee Report 1/21/20 , 8. Hearing Testimony 1/21/20 , 9. Hearing Transcript 1/21/20 , 10. Proposed Int. No. 1830-A - 2/11/21 , 11. Committee Report 2/11/21 , 12. Hearing Transcript 2/11/21 , 13. Committee Report - Stated Meeting , 14. February 11, 2021 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 15. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 2-11-21 , 16. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - February 11, 2021 , 17. Int. No. 1830-A (FINAL) , 18. Fiscal Impact Statement , 19. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor , 20. Local Law 27 1. Summary of Int. No. 1830-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 1830 , 3. Int. No. 1830 , 4. December 19, 2019 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 12-19-19 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - December 19, 2019 , 7. Committee Report 1/21/20 , 8. Hearing Testimony 1/21/20 , 9. Hearing Transcript 1/21/20 , 10. Proposed Int. No. 1830-A - 2/11/21 , 11. Committee Report 2/11/21 , 12. Hearing Transcript 2/11/21 , 13. Committee Report - Stated Meeting , 14. February 11, 2021 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 15. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 2-11-21 , 16. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - February 11, 2021 , 17. Int. No. 1830-A (FINAL) , 18. Fiscal Impact Statement , 19. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor , 20. Local Law 27 History (14) History (14) History (14) History (14) Text Text Text Text 14 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 14 records 14 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Date Group by Action By Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 3/15/2021 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Returned Unsigned by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 3/14/2021 A Diana I. Ayala Administration City Charter Rule Adopted Action details Meeting details Not available 2/11/2021 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 2/11/2021 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 2/11/2021 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Governmental Operations Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 2/11/2021 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Governmental Operations Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 2/11/2021 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Governmental Operations Amended by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 2/11/2021 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Governmental Operations Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 1/21/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Technology Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 1/21/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Technology Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 1/21/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Governmental Operations Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 1/21/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Governmental Operations Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 12/19/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 12/19/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 3/15/2021 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Returned Unsigned by Mayor  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 3/14/2021 A Diana I. Ayala Administration City Charter Rule Adopted  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 2/11/2021 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 2/11/2021 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 2/11/2021 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Governmental Operations Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 2/11/2021 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Governmental Operations Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 2/11/2021 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Governmental Operations Amended by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 2/11/2021 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Governmental Operations Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 1/21/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Technology Laid Over by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 1/21/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Technology Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 1/21/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Governmental Operations Laid Over by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 1/21/2020 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Governmental Operations Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 12/19/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 12/19/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available Int. No. 1830-A Int. No. 1830-A   By Council Members Ayala, Yeger, Kallos, Brannan, D. Diaz, Lander, Barron and Ulrich By Council Members Ayala, Yeger, Kallos, Brannan, D. Diaz, Lander, Barron and Ulrich   A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to publication of 311 service level agreements A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to publication of 311 service level agreements   Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Be it enacted by the Council as follows:   Section 1. a. The 311 customer service center shall: Section 1. a. The 311 customer service center shall: 1. Post on the single web portal described in section 23-502 of the administrative code of the city of New York each agency’s service level agreements; 1. Post on the single web portal described in section 23-502 of the administrative code of the city of New York each agency’s service level agreements; 2. Provide a link to such posting in a conspicuous location on the 311 customer service center’s website; and 2. Provide a link to such posting in a conspicuous location on the 311 customer service center’s website; and 3. Create and maintain on a separate page of the 311 customer service center’s website information about service level agreements. 3. Create and maintain on a separate page of the 311 customer service center’s website information about service level agreements. b. For purposes of this section, the term “service level agreement” means the maximum number of hours or days within which an agency has committed to review, take action on and close a particular category of requests for service or complaints referred by the 311 customer service center to such agency. b. For purposes of this section, the term “service level agreement” means the maximum number of hours or days within which an agency has committed to review, take action on and close a particular category of requests for service or complaints referred by the 311 customer service center to such agency. § 2. Section 23-305 of the administrative code of the city of New York, as added by a local law for the year 2021 amending the administrative code of the city of New York, relating to requiring 311 to notify each agency when a request for service or complaint has not been closed within the number of days specified by such agency’s service level agreement, as proposed in introduction number 1832 for the year 2019, is amended to read as follows: § 2. Section 23-305 of the administrative code of the city of New York, as added by a local law for the year 2021 amending the administrative code of the city of New York, relating to requiring 311 to notify each agency when a request for service or complaint has not been closed within the number of days specified by such agency’s service level agreement, as proposed in introduction number 1832 for the year 2019, is amended to read as follows: § 23-305 Service level agreements. a. Publication. The 311 customer service center shall: § 23-305 Service level agreements. a. Publication. The 311 customer service center shall: 1. Post on the single web portal described in section 23-502 of this code each agency’s service level agreements; 1. Post on the single web portal described in section 23-502 of this code each agency’s service level agreements; 2. Provide a link to such posting in a conspicuous location on the 311 customer service center’s website; and 2. Provide a link to such posting in a conspicuous location on the 311 customer service center’s website; and 3. Create and maintain on a separate page of the 311 customer service center’s website information about service level agreements. 3. Create and maintain on a separate page of the 311 customer service center’s website information about service level agreements. b. Notification to agencies. The 311 customer service center shall notify the applicable agency when a customer’s request for service, or complaint, referred by the 311 customer service center to such agency has not been closed within the time specified by such agency’s service level agreement. b. Notification to agencies. The 311 customer service center shall notify the applicable agency when a customer’s request for service, or complaint, referred by the 311 customer service center to such agency has not been closed within the time specified by such agency’s service level agreement. c. Definition. For purposes of this section, the term “service level agreement” means the maximum number of hours or days within which an agency has committed to review, take action on and close a particular category of requests for service or complaints referred by the 311 customer service center to such agency. c. Definition. For purposes of this section, the term “service level agreement” means the maximum number of hours or days within which an agency has committed to review, take action on and close a particular category of requests for service or complaints referred by the 311 customer service center to such agency. § 3. This local law takes effect 120 days after it becomes law, provided, however that section one of this local law is deemed repealed, and section two of this local law takes effect, on the date on which the local law for the year 2021 amending the administrative code of the city of New York, relating to requiring 311 to notify each agency when a request for service or complaint has not been closed within the number of days specified by such agency’s service level agreement, as proposed in introduction number 1832 for the year 2019, takes effect. § 3. This local law takes effect 120 days after it becomes law, provided, however that section one of this local law is deemed repealed, and section two of this local law takes effect, on the date on which the local law for the year 2021 amending the administrative code of the city of New York, relating to requiring 311 to notify each agency when a request for service or complaint has not been closed within the number of days specified by such agency’s service level agreement, as proposed in introduction number 1832 for the year 2019, takes effect.           DFC/cjm DFC/cjm LS #10237 LS #10237 02/03/2021 02/03/2021 Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text)

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/LegislationDetail.aspx?ID=6276176&GUID=7D57C0D7-24FE-40BB-9D32-0684319FEE2F&Options=Advanced&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Reports File #: Res 0703-2023 Version: * Name: COMPUTING AND CERTIFYING BASE PERCENTAGE, CURRENT PERCENTAGE AND CURRENT BASE PROPORTION OF EACH CLASS OF REAL PROPERTY FOR FISCAL 2024 TO THE STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY TAX SERVICES. Type: Resolution Status: Adopted Committee: Committee on Finance On agenda: 6/30/2023 Enactment date: Law number: Title: RESOLUTION COMPUTING AND CERTIFYING BASE PERCENTAGE, CURRENT PERCENTAGE AND CURRENT BASE PROPORTION OF EACH CLASS OF REAL PROPERTY FOR FISCAL 2024 TO THE STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY TAX SERVICES PURSUANT TO SECTION 1803-a OF THE REAL PROPERTY TAX LAW. Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala Council Member Sponsors: 1 Attachments: 1. Res. No. 703 , 2. Committee Report , 3. Exhibit A , 4. Hearing Transcript , 5. June 30, 2023 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 6. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  6-30-23 , 7. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 30, 2023 History (5) Text 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 6/30/2023 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved, by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 6/30/2023 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/30/2023 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/30/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 6/30/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance P-C Item Approved by Comm Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Preconsidered Res. No. 703 RESOLUTION COMPUTING AND CERTIFYING BASE PERCENTAGE, CURRENT PERCENTAGE AND CURRENT BASE PROPORTION OF EACH CLASS OF REAL PROPERTY FOR FISCAL 2024 TO THE STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY TAX SERVICES PURSUANT TO SECTION 1803-a OF THE REAL PROPERTY TAX LAW. By Council Member Ayala Whereas , This Resolution, dated June 30, 2023, computes and certifies the base percentage, current percentage, and current base proportion of each class of real property for the fiscal year beginning on July 1, 2023 and ending on June 30, 2024 (“Fiscal 2024”) to the State Board of Real Property Tax Services (“SBRPTS”) pursuant to Section 1803-a of the Real Property Tax Law; and Whereas , On February 22, 2023 the SBRPTS certified the final State equalization rate, class ratios and class equalization rates for the City's 2022 assessment rolls, required by Article 18 of the Real Property Tax Law; and Whereas , Section 1803-a(1) of the Real Property Tax Law, requires the Council to compute and certify, to the SBRPTS, for each tax levy, the base percentage, the current percentage and the current base proportion of each class of real property in the City subsequent to the date on which the SBRPTS files with the Clerk of the Council a certification setting forth the final state equalization rate, class ratios and class equalization rates for the City's Fiscal 2024 assessment rolls, pursuant to Section 1212 of the Real Property Tax Law; and Whereas , Section 1803-a(1)(c) of the Real Property Tax Law requires that if any increase in the current base proportion for any class of real property, as compared with the previous year's adjusted base proportion for such class of property shall exceed five percent, such excess over five percent must be shifted to any other class of property; NOW, THEREFORE , be it resolved by The Council of The City of New York as follows: Section 1. Computation and Certification of Base Percentages, Current Base Percentages and Current Base Proportions for Fiscal 2024. (a) The Council hereby computes and certifies the base percentage, the current percentage and the current base percentage for the City's Fiscal 2024 assessment rolls as shown on SBRPTS Form RP-6700, attached hereto as Exhibit A and incorporated herein by reference (the "CBP Certificate"). (b) The Clerk of the Council is hereby authorized and directed to execute the CBP Certificate and to file it with the SBRPTS after the date on which the SBRPTS filed with the Clerk of the Council a certification setting forth the final state equalization rate, class ratios and class equalization rates for the City's Fiscal 2024 assessment rolls, pursuant to Section 1212 of the Real Property Tax Law. Section 2. Effective Date. This resolution shall take effect as of the date hereof. AW/EE/KA 6/28/2023 Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text) Details Details Details Details Reports Reports Reports Reports File #: File #: Res 0703-2023 Version: * Res 0703-2023 Version: * Name: Name: COMPUTING AND CERTIFYING BASE PERCENTAGE, CURRENT PERCENTAGE AND CURRENT BASE PROPORTION OF EACH CLASS OF REAL PROPERTY FOR FISCAL 2024 TO THE STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY TAX SERVICES. COMPUTING AND CERTIFYING BASE PERCENTAGE, CURRENT PERCENTAGE AND CURRENT BASE PROPORTION OF EACH CLASS OF REAL PROPERTY FOR FISCAL 2024 TO THE STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY TAX SERVICES. Type: Type: Resolution Resolution Status: Status: Adopted Adopted   Committee: Committee: Committee on Finance On agenda: On agenda: 6/30/2023 6/30/2023   Enactment date: Enactment date:   Law number: Law number:   Title: Title: RESOLUTION COMPUTING AND CERTIFYING BASE PERCENTAGE, CURRENT PERCENTAGE AND CURRENT BASE PROPORTION OF EACH CLASS OF REAL PROPERTY FOR FISCAL 2024 TO THE STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY TAX SERVICES PURSUANT TO SECTION 1803-a OF THE REAL PROPERTY TAX LAW. RESOLUTION COMPUTING AND CERTIFYING BASE PERCENTAGE, CURRENT PERCENTAGE AND CURRENT BASE PROPORTION OF EACH CLASS OF REAL PROPERTY FOR FISCAL 2024 TO THE STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY TAX SERVICES PURSUANT TO SECTION 1803-a OF THE REAL PROPERTY TAX LAW. Sponsors: Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala Diana I. Ayala Council Member Sponsors: Council Member Sponsors: 1 1 Attachments: Attachments: 1. Res. No. 703 , 2. Committee Report , 3. Exhibit A , 4. Hearing Transcript , 5. June 30, 2023 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 6. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  6-30-23 , 7. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 30, 2023 1. Res. No. 703 , 2. Committee Report , 3. Exhibit A , 4. Hearing Transcript , 5. June 30, 2023 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 6. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  6-30-23 , 7. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 30, 2023 History (5) History (5) History (5) History (5) Text Text Text Text 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 5 records 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Date Group by Action By Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 6/30/2023 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved, by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 6/30/2023 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/30/2023 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/30/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 6/30/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance P-C Item Approved by Comm Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 6/30/2023 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved, by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/30/2023 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/30/2023 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/30/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Hearing on P-C Item by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/30/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance P-C Item Approved by Comm Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available Preconsidered Res. No. 703 Preconsidered Res. No. 703   RESOLUTION COMPUTING AND CERTIFYING BASE PERCENTAGE, CURRENT PERCENTAGE AND CURRENT BASE PROPORTION OF EACH CLASS OF REAL PROPERTY FOR FISCAL 2024 TO THE STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY TAX SERVICES PURSUANT TO SECTION 1803-a OF THE REAL PROPERTY TAX LAW. RESOLUTION COMPUTING AND CERTIFYING BASE PERCENTAGE, CURRENT PERCENTAGE AND CURRENT BASE PROPORTION OF EACH CLASS OF REAL PROPERTY FOR FISCAL 2024 TO THE STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY TAX SERVICES PURSUANT TO SECTION 1803-a OF THE REAL PROPERTY TAX LAW.   By Council Member Ayala By Council Member Ayala   Whereas , This Resolution, dated June 30, 2023, computes and certifies the base percentage, current percentage, and current base proportion of each class of real property for the fiscal year beginning on July 1, 2023 and ending on June 30, 2024 (“Fiscal 2024”) to the State Board of Real Property Tax Services (“SBRPTS”) pursuant to Section 1803-a of the Real Property Tax Law; and Whereas , This Resolution, dated June 30, 2023, computes and certifies the base percentage, current percentage, and current base proportion of each class of real property for the fiscal year beginning on July 1, 2023 and ending on June 30, 2024 (“Fiscal 2024”) to the State Board of Real Property Tax Services (“SBRPTS”) pursuant to Section 1803-a of the Real Property Tax Law; and   Whereas , On February 22, 2023 the SBRPTS certified the final State equalization rate, class ratios and class equalization rates for the City's 2022 assessment rolls, required by Article 18 of the Real Property Tax Law; and Whereas , On February 22, 2023 the SBRPTS certified the final State equalization rate, class ratios and class equalization rates for the City's 2022 assessment rolls, required by Article 18 of the Real Property Tax Law; and   Whereas , Section 1803-a(1) of the Real Property Tax Law, requires the Council to compute and certify, to the SBRPTS, for each tax levy, the base percentage, the current percentage and the current base proportion of each class of real property in the City subsequent to the date on which the SBRPTS files with the Clerk of the Council a certification setting forth the final state equalization rate, class ratios and class equalization rates for the City's Fiscal 2024 assessment rolls, pursuant to Section 1212 of the Real Property Tax Law; and Whereas , Section 1803-a(1) of the Real Property Tax Law, requires the Council to compute and certify, to the SBRPTS, for each tax levy, the base percentage, the current percentage and the current base proportion of each class of real property in the City subsequent to the date on which the SBRPTS files with the Clerk of the Council a certification setting forth the final state equalization rate, class ratios and class equalization rates for the City's Fiscal 2024 assessment rolls, pursuant to Section 1212 of the Real Property Tax Law; and   Whereas , Section 1803-a(1)(c) of the Real Property Tax Law requires that if any increase in the current base proportion for any class of real property, as compared with the previous year's adjusted base proportion for such class of property shall exceed five percent, such excess over five percent must be shifted to any other class of property; Whereas , Section 1803-a(1)(c) of the Real Property Tax Law requires that if any increase in the current base proportion for any class of real property, as compared with the previous year's adjusted base proportion for such class of property shall exceed five percent, such excess over five percent must be shifted to any other class of property;   NOW, THEREFORE , be it resolved by The Council of The City of New York as follows:   NOW, THEREFORE , be it resolved by The Council of The City of New York as follows:   Section 1. Computation and Certification of Base Percentages, Current Base Percentages and Current Base Proportions for Fiscal 2024. (a) The Council hereby computes and certifies the base percentage, the current percentage and the current base percentage for the City's Fiscal 2024 assessment rolls as shown on SBRPTS Form RP-6700, attached hereto as Exhibit A and incorporated herein by reference (the "CBP Certificate"). Section 1. Computation and Certification of Base Percentages, Current Base Percentages and Current Base Proportions for Fiscal 2024. (a) The Council hereby computes and certifies the base percentage, the current percentage and the current base percentage for the City's Fiscal 2024 assessment rolls as shown on SBRPTS Form RP-6700, attached hereto as Exhibit A and incorporated herein by reference (the "CBP Certificate").   (b) The Clerk of the Council is hereby authorized and directed to execute the CBP Certificate and to file it with the SBRPTS after the date on which the SBRPTS filed with the Clerk of the Council a certification setting forth the final state equalization rate, class ratios and class equalization rates for the City's Fiscal 2024 assessment rolls, pursuant to Section 1212 of the Real Property Tax Law. (b) The Clerk of the Council is hereby authorized and directed to execute the CBP Certificate and to file it with the SBRPTS after the date on which the SBRPTS filed with the Clerk of the Council a certification setting forth the final state equalization rate, class ratios and class equalization rates for the City's Fiscal 2024 assessment rolls, pursuant to Section 1212 of the Real Property Tax Law.   Section 2. Effective Date. This resolution shall take effect as of the date hereof. Section 2. Effective Date. This resolution shall take effect as of the date hereof.   AW/EE/KA AW/EE/KA 6/28/2023 6/28/2023   Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text)

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/LegislationDetail.aspx?ID=5691564&GUID=6C95D533-E160-4E9A-A118-52DF0022082F&Options=Advanced&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Reports File #: Res 0221-2022 Version: * Name: COMPUTING AND CERTIFYING BASE PERCENTAGE, CURRENT PERCENTAGE AND CURRENT BASE PROPORTION OF EACH CLASS OF REAL PROPERTY FOR FISCAL 2023 TO THE STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY TAX SERVICES PURSUANT TO SECTION 1803-a OF THE REAL PROPERTY TAX LAW. Type: Resolution Status: Adopted Committee: Committee on Finance On agenda: 6/13/2022 Enactment date: Law number: Title: RESOLUTION COMPUTING AND CERTIFYING BASE PERCENTAGE, CURRENT PERCENTAGE AND CURRENT BASE PROPORTION OF EACH CLASS OF REAL PROPERTY FOR FISCAL 2023 TO THE STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY TAX SERVICES PURSUANT TO SECTION 1803-a OF THE REAL PROPERTY TAX LAW. Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala Council Member Sponsors: 1 Attachments: 1. Res. No. 221 , 2. Committee Report , 3. Exhibit A , 4. Hearing Transcript , 5. June 13, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 6. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  6-13-22 , 7. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 13, 2022 History (5) Text 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved, by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance P-C Item Approved by Comm Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Preconsidered  Res. 221 RESOLUTION COMPUTING AND CERTIFYING BASE PERCENTAGE, CURRENT PERCENTAGE AND CURRENT BASE PROPORTION OF EACH CLASS OF REAL PROPERTY FOR FISCAL 2023 TO THE STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY TAX SERVICES PURSUANT TO SECTION 1803-a OF THE REAL PROPERTY TAX LAW. By Council Member Ayala Whereas , This Resolution, dated June 13, 2022, computes and certifies the base percentage, current percentage, and current base proportion of each class of real property for the fiscal year beginning on July 1, 2022 and ending on June 30, 2023 (“Fiscal 2023”) to the State Board of Real Property Tax Services (“SBRPTS”) pursuant to Section 1803-a of the Real Property Tax Law; and Whereas , On March 21, 2022 the SBRPTS certified the final State equalization rate, class ratios and class equalization rates for the City's 2021 assessment rolls, required by Article 18 of the Real Property Tax Law; and Whereas , Section 1803-a(1) of the Real Property Tax Law, requires the Council to compute and certify, to the SBRPTS, for each tax levy, the base percentage, the current percentage and the current base proportion of each class of real property in the City subsequent to the date on which the SBRPTS files with the Clerk of the Council a certification setting forth the final state equalization rate, class ratios and class equalization rates for the City's Fiscal 2023 assessment rolls, pursuant to Section 1212 of the Real Property Tax Law; and Whereas , Section 1803-a(1)(c) of the Real Property Tax Law requires that if any increase in the current base proportion for any class of real property, as compared with the previous year's adjusted base proportion for such class of property shall exceed five percent, such excess over five percent must be shifted to any other class of property; Whereas, Pursuant to Chapter 215 of the State Laws of 2022, the Council is authorized to adjust the class share cap by changing the percent increase of the current base proportion of any class over its adjusted base proportion of the immediately preceding year for purposes of determining the current base proportion, provided that such percent increase shall not exceed five percent, and provided further that such determination must be made by October 1, 2022; and Whereas, On June 13, 2022, the Council adopts herewith a resolution that sets a limit of zero percent of the current base proportion of any class over the adjusted base proportion of the immediately preceding year for purposes of determining the current base proportion; NOW, THEREFORE , be it resolved by The Council of The City of New York as follows: Section 1. Computation and Certification of Base Percentages, Current Base Percentages and Current Base Proportions for Fiscal 2023. (a) The Council hereby computes and certifies the base percentage, the current percentage and the current base percentage for the City's Fiscal 2023 assessment rolls as shown on SBRPTS Form RP-6700, attached hereto as Exhibit A and incorporated herein by reference (the "CBP Certificate"). (b) The Clerk of the Council is hereby authorized and directed to execute the CBP Certificate and to file it with the SBRPTS after the date on which the SBRPTS filed with the Clerk of the Council a certification setting forth the final state equalization rate, class ratios and class equalization rates for the City's Fiscal 2023 assessment rolls, pursuant to Section 1212 of the Real Property Tax Law. Section 2. Effective Date. This resolution shall take effect as of the date hereof. AW/EE/MB 6/13/2022 Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text) Details Details Details Details Reports Reports Reports Reports File #: File #: Res 0221-2022 Version: * Res 0221-2022 Version: * Name: Name: COMPUTING AND CERTIFYING BASE PERCENTAGE, CURRENT PERCENTAGE AND CURRENT BASE PROPORTION OF EACH CLASS OF REAL PROPERTY FOR FISCAL 2023 TO THE STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY TAX SERVICES PURSUANT TO SECTION 1803-a OF THE REAL PROPERTY TAX LAW. COMPUTING AND CERTIFYING BASE PERCENTAGE, CURRENT PERCENTAGE AND CURRENT BASE PROPORTION OF EACH CLASS OF REAL PROPERTY FOR FISCAL 2023 TO THE STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY TAX SERVICES PURSUANT TO SECTION 1803-a OF THE REAL PROPERTY TAX LAW. Type: Type: Resolution Resolution Status: Status: Adopted Adopted   Committee: Committee: Committee on Finance On agenda: On agenda: 6/13/2022 6/13/2022   Enactment date: Enactment date:   Law number: Law number:   Title: Title: RESOLUTION COMPUTING AND CERTIFYING BASE PERCENTAGE, CURRENT PERCENTAGE AND CURRENT BASE PROPORTION OF EACH CLASS OF REAL PROPERTY FOR FISCAL 2023 TO THE STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY TAX SERVICES PURSUANT TO SECTION 1803-a OF THE REAL PROPERTY TAX LAW. RESOLUTION COMPUTING AND CERTIFYING BASE PERCENTAGE, CURRENT PERCENTAGE AND CURRENT BASE PROPORTION OF EACH CLASS OF REAL PROPERTY FOR FISCAL 2023 TO THE STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY TAX SERVICES PURSUANT TO SECTION 1803-a OF THE REAL PROPERTY TAX LAW. Sponsors: Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala Diana I. Ayala Council Member Sponsors: Council Member Sponsors: 1 1 Attachments: Attachments: 1. Res. No. 221 , 2. Committee Report , 3. Exhibit A , 4. Hearing Transcript , 5. June 13, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 6. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  6-13-22 , 7. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 13, 2022 1. Res. No. 221 , 2. Committee Report , 3. Exhibit A , 4. Hearing Transcript , 5. June 13, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 6. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  6-13-22 , 7. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 13, 2022 History (5) History (5) History (5) History (5) Text Text Text Text 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 5 records 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Date Group by Action By Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved, by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance P-C Item Approved by Comm Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved, by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Hearing on P-C Item by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/13/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance P-C Item Approved by Comm Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available Preconsidered  Res. 221 Preconsidered  Res. 221   RESOLUTION COMPUTING AND CERTIFYING BASE PERCENTAGE, CURRENT PERCENTAGE AND CURRENT BASE PROPORTION OF EACH CLASS OF REAL PROPERTY FOR FISCAL 2023 TO THE STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY TAX SERVICES PURSUANT TO SECTION 1803-a OF THE REAL PROPERTY TAX LAW. RESOLUTION COMPUTING AND CERTIFYING BASE PERCENTAGE, CURRENT PERCENTAGE AND CURRENT BASE PROPORTION OF EACH CLASS OF REAL PROPERTY FOR FISCAL 2023 TO THE STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY TAX SERVICES PURSUANT TO SECTION 1803-a OF THE REAL PROPERTY TAX LAW.   By Council Member Ayala By Council Member Ayala   Whereas , This Resolution, dated June 13, 2022, computes and certifies the base percentage, current percentage, and current base proportion of each class of real property for the fiscal year beginning on July 1, 2022 and ending on June 30, 2023 (“Fiscal 2023”) to the State Board of Real Property Tax Services (“SBRPTS”) pursuant to Section 1803-a of the Real Property Tax Law; and Whereas , This Resolution, dated June 13, 2022, computes and certifies the base percentage, current percentage, and current base proportion of each class of real property for the fiscal year beginning on July 1, 2022 and ending on June 30, 2023 (“Fiscal 2023”) to the State Board of Real Property Tax Services (“SBRPTS”) pursuant to Section 1803-a of the Real Property Tax Law; and   Whereas , On March 21, 2022 the SBRPTS certified the final State equalization rate, class ratios and class equalization rates for the City's 2021 assessment rolls, required by Article 18 of the Real Property Tax Law; and Whereas , On March 21, 2022 the SBRPTS certified the final State equalization rate, class ratios and class equalization rates for the City's 2021 assessment rolls, required by Article 18 of the Real Property Tax Law; and   Whereas , Section 1803-a(1) of the Real Property Tax Law, requires the Council to compute and certify, to the SBRPTS, for each tax levy, the base percentage, the current percentage and the current base proportion of each class of real property in the City subsequent to the date on which the SBRPTS files with the Clerk of the Council a certification setting forth the final state equalization rate, class ratios and class equalization rates for the City's Fiscal 2023 assessment rolls, pursuant to Section 1212 of the Real Property Tax Law; and Whereas , Section 1803-a(1) of the Real Property Tax Law, requires the Council to compute and certify, to the SBRPTS, for each tax levy, the base percentage, the current percentage and the current base proportion of each class of real property in the City subsequent to the date on which the SBRPTS files with the Clerk of the Council a certification setting forth the final state equalization rate, class ratios and class equalization rates for the City's Fiscal 2023 assessment rolls, pursuant to Section 1212 of the Real Property Tax Law; and   Whereas , Section 1803-a(1)(c) of the Real Property Tax Law requires that if any increase in the current base proportion for any class of real property, as compared with the previous year's adjusted base proportion for such class of property shall exceed five percent, such excess over five percent must be shifted to any other class of property; Whereas , Section 1803-a(1)(c) of the Real Property Tax Law requires that if any increase in the current base proportion for any class of real property, as compared with the previous year's adjusted base proportion for such class of property shall exceed five percent, such excess over five percent must be shifted to any other class of property;   Whereas, Pursuant to Chapter 215 of the State Laws of 2022, the Council is authorized to adjust the class share cap by changing the percent increase of the current base proportion of any class over its adjusted base proportion of the immediately preceding year for purposes of determining the current base proportion, provided that such percent increase shall not exceed five percent, and provided further that such determination must be made by October 1, 2022; and Whereas,  Pursuant to Chapter 215 of the State Laws of 2022, the Council is authorized to adjust the class share cap by changing the percent increase of the current base proportion of any class over its adjusted base proportion of the immediately preceding year for purposes of determining the current base proportion, provided that such percent increase shall not exceed five percent, and provided further that such determination must be made by October 1, 2022; and   Whereas, On June 13, 2022, the Council adopts herewith a resolution that sets a limit of zero percent of the current base proportion of any class over the adjusted base proportion of the immediately preceding year for purposes of determining the current base proportion; Whereas, On June 13, 2022, the Council adopts herewith a resolution that sets a limit of zero percent of the current base proportion of any class over the adjusted base proportion of the immediately preceding year for purposes of determining the current base proportion;   NOW, THEREFORE , be it resolved by The Council of The City of New York as follows:   NOW, THEREFORE , be it resolved by The Council of The City of New York as follows:   Section 1. Computation and Certification of Base Percentages, Current Base Percentages and Current Base Proportions for Fiscal 2023. (a) The Council hereby computes and certifies the base percentage, the current percentage and the current base percentage for the City's Fiscal 2023 assessment rolls as shown on SBRPTS Form RP-6700, attached hereto as Exhibit A and incorporated herein by reference (the "CBP Certificate"). Section 1. Computation and Certification of Base Percentages, Current Base Percentages and Current Base Proportions for Fiscal 2023. (a) The Council hereby computes and certifies the base percentage, the current percentage and the current base percentage for the City's Fiscal 2023 assessment rolls as shown on SBRPTS Form RP-6700, attached hereto as Exhibit A and incorporated herein by reference (the "CBP Certificate").   (b) The Clerk of the Council is hereby authorized and directed to execute the CBP Certificate and to file it with the SBRPTS after the date on which the SBRPTS filed with the Clerk of the Council a certification setting forth the final state equalization rate, class ratios and class equalization rates for the City's Fiscal 2023 assessment rolls, pursuant to Section 1212 of the Real Property Tax Law. (b) The Clerk of the Council is hereby authorized and directed to execute the CBP Certificate and to file it with the SBRPTS after the date on which the SBRPTS filed with the Clerk of the Council a certification setting forth the final state equalization rate, class ratios and class equalization rates for the City's Fiscal 2023 assessment rolls, pursuant to Section 1212 of the Real Property Tax Law.   Section 2. Effective Date. This resolution shall take effect as of the date hereof. Section 2. Effective Date. This resolution shall take effect as of the date hereof.   AW/EE/MB AW/EE/MB 6/13/2022 6/13/2022   Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text)

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/LegislationDetail.aspx?ID=4146410&GUID=8E3F4ED3-8A6F-402F-9D5B-25A3707DA104&Options=Advanced&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Reports File #: Int 1742-2019 Version: * A Name: Require the BOC to report on the impact on incarcerated individuals of closing jails on Rikers Island, and requiring the mayor’s office of criminal justice to report on progress in closing jails on Rikers Island. Type: Introduction Status: Enacted Committee: Committee on Criminal Justice On agenda: 10/17/2019 Enactment date: 11/17/2019 Law number: 2019/192 Title: A Local Law to require the board of correction to report on the impact on incarcerated individuals of closing jails on Rikers Island, and to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to requiring the mayor's office of criminal justice to report on progress in closing jails on Rikers Island Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Stephen T. Levin , Ben Kallos , Carlina Rivera , Alicka Ampry-Samuel , Mark Treyger Council Member Sponsors: 6 Summary: This bill would require the Mayor’s Office of Criminal Justice and the Board of Correction to publish reports on progress in closing Rikers Island. Indexes: Report Required Attachments: 1. Summary of Int. No. 1742-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 1742 , 3. Int. No. 1742 , 4. Committee Report 10/2/19 , 5. Hearing Testimony 10/2/19 , 6. Hearing Transcript 10/2/19 , 7. Proposed Int. No. 1742-A - 10/10/19 , 8. Committee Report 10/16/19 , 9. Hearing Transcript 10/16/19 , 10. October 17, 2019 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 11. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 10-17-19 , 12. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - October 17, 2019 , 13. Int. No. 1742-A (FINAL) , 14. Fiscal Impact Statement , 15. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor , 16. Local Law 192 History (14) Text 14 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 11/18/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Returned Unsigned by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 11/17/2019 A Diana I. Ayala Administration City Charter Rule Adopted Action details Meeting details Not available 10/17/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 10/17/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 10/17/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 10/17/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 10/16/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 10/16/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 10/16/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Amended by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 10/16/2019 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice P-C Item Approved by Comm Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 10/2/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare P-C Item Laid Over by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 10/2/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 10/2/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice P-C Item Laid Over by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 10/2/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available Preconsidered Int. No. 1742-A By Council Members Ayala, Levin, Kallos, Rivera, Ampry-Samuel and Treyger A Local Law to require the board of correction to report on the impact on incarcerated individuals of closing jails on Rikers Island, and to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to requiring the mayor’s office of criminal justice to report on progress in closing jails on Rikers Island Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Section 1. Chapter 3 of title 9 of the administrative code of the city of New York is amended by adding a new section 9-308 to read as follows: § 9-307 Report on the closure of jails on Rikers Island. a. Beginning on the 30 th day of January in the year 2020, the mayor’s office of criminal justice shall submit shall submit a biannual report to the council and post to the office’s website and the city’s open data portal, a progress report on closing jails on Rikers Island and opening jail facilities outside Rikers Island . Such report shall be submitted within 60 days of January 1 and July 1 of each year and shall include information on the following issues: 1. Trends in the jail population and the drivers of population changes, including the following: (a) the average daily population in total and disaggregated by facility, by borough of arrest, and in the following categories: pretrial, sentenced, technical parole violation, pretrial with  parole violations, and other; (b) the average and median length of stay of incarcerated individuals detained pretrial, in total and disaggregated by borough of arrest and whether there is a co-occurring parole violations; and (c) the number and percentage of pretrial detainees whose length of stay is longer than 30 days, 90 days, six months, and one year. 2. The total capacity and average daily population of each correctional facility solely operated by the department of correction, disaggregated by facility. 3. The timeline for closure of each correctional facility located on Rikers Island, any significant changes to such timeline, and any significant actions taken by the mayor in response to such changes. 4. The budget for closure, and any significant changes to such budget. 5. The procurement of contracts related to closure and construction of jail facilities, including any relevant timelines. 6. A general overview of the design and construction of new jail facilities and any related information regarding the timelines for the construction of new facilities. 7. Populations relocated as a result of new facility construction. 8. The progress of implementing an electronic management system for individuals in custody. 9. Staff plans, by facility, including but not limited to the following information for the reporting period: the number of uniform and civilian staff hired, the number of uniform and civilian staff terminated, and the number of uniform and civilian staff who left the department for reasons other than termination. b. No information that is required to be reported pursuant to this section shall be reported in a manner that would violate any applicable provision of federal, state, or local law relating to the privacy of information . § 2. Board of correction progress report. The board of correction shall publish a report on the impact on incarcerated individuals of closing jails on Rikers Island and constructing new facilities to replace such jails, commencing on July 1, 2020 and every six months thereafter. Such report shall include but not be limited to information on the following issues: a. The impact of the construction of new city jails on the department of correction and correctional health services’ ability to comply with board of correction minimum standards; b. The impact of any significant changes to the design or construction of any new jails on any incarcerated individuals and compliance with board of correction minimum standards. § 3. Board of correction facility report.  The board of correction shall publish a report on compliance with the board’s minimum standards at each facility intended for the incarceration of individuals under the jurisdiction of the department of correction constructed after the effective date of this local law. Each such report shall be published no later than sixty days from the later of approval of occupancy from the department of buildings or the New York state commission of correction for the facility to which such report applies. Prior to publication, relevant parties shall be given 30 days to review each such report. The board of correction shall be given sufficient access to such facility to obtain the information necessary to complete such report, and shall have access to all published requests for proposals, contracts, and blueprints, program plans, and other materials related to the design and construction of such facility. All such materials shall remain confidential and may not be disclosed by such board to any person. The use of such facilities shall not be dependent on the publication of such report or its contents. §4. Effective date. This local law takes effect immediately and is repealed after July 1, 2028. AS/KMD LS #11693-a, 10834, 11,391 10/9/19 12:12PM Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text) Details Details Details Details Reports Reports Reports Reports File #: File #: Int 1742-2019 Version: * A Int 1742-2019 Version: Name: Name: Require the BOC to report on the impact on incarcerated individuals of closing jails on Rikers Island, and requiring the mayor’s office of criminal justice to report on progress in closing jails on Rikers Island. Require the BOC to report on the impact on incarcerated individuals of closing jails on Rikers Island, and requiring the mayor’s office of criminal justice to report on progress in closing jails on Rikers Island. Type: Type: Introduction Introduction Status: Status: Enacted Enacted   Committee: Committee: Committee on Criminal Justice On agenda: On agenda: 10/17/2019 10/17/2019   Enactment date: Enactment date: 11/17/2019 11/17/2019 Law number: Law number: 2019/192 2019/192 Title: Title: A Local Law to require the board of correction to report on the impact on incarcerated individuals of closing jails on Rikers Island, and to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to requiring the mayor's office of criminal justice to report on progress in closing jails on Rikers Island A Local Law to require the board of correction to report on the impact on incarcerated individuals of closing jails on Rikers Island, and to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to requiring the mayor's office of criminal justice to report on progress in closing jails on Rikers Island Sponsors: Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Stephen T. Levin , Ben Kallos , Carlina Rivera , Alicka Ampry-Samuel , Mark Treyger Diana I. Ayala , Stephen T. Levin , Ben Kallos , Carlina Rivera , Alicka Ampry-Samuel , Mark Treyger Council Member Sponsors: Council Member Sponsors: 6 6 Summary: Summary: This bill would require the Mayor’s Office of Criminal Justice and the Board of Correction to publish reports on progress in closing Rikers Island. This bill would require the Mayor’s Office of Criminal Justice and the Board of Correction to publish reports on progress in closing Rikers Island. Indexes: Indexes: Report Required Report Required Attachments: Attachments: 1. Summary of Int. No. 1742-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 1742 , 3. Int. No. 1742 , 4. Committee Report 10/2/19 , 5. Hearing Testimony 10/2/19 , 6. Hearing Transcript 10/2/19 , 7. Proposed Int. No. 1742-A - 10/10/19 , 8. Committee Report 10/16/19 , 9. Hearing Transcript 10/16/19 , 10. October 17, 2019 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 11. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 10-17-19 , 12. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - October 17, 2019 , 13. Int. No. 1742-A (FINAL) , 14. Fiscal Impact Statement , 15. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor , 16. Local Law 192 1. Summary of Int. No. 1742-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 1742 , 3. Int. No. 1742 , 4. Committee Report 10/2/19 , 5. Hearing Testimony 10/2/19 , 6. Hearing Transcript 10/2/19 , 7. Proposed Int. No. 1742-A - 10/10/19 , 8. Committee Report 10/16/19 , 9. Hearing Transcript 10/16/19 , 10. October 17, 2019 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 11. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 10-17-19 , 12. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - October 17, 2019 , 13. Int. No. 1742-A (FINAL) , 14. Fiscal Impact Statement , 15. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor , 16. Local Law 192 History (14) History (14) History (14) History (14) Text Text Text Text 14 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 14 records 14 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Date Group by Action By Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 11/18/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Returned Unsigned by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 11/17/2019 A Diana I. Ayala Administration City Charter Rule Adopted Action details Meeting details Not available 10/17/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 10/17/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 10/17/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 10/17/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 10/16/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 10/16/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 10/16/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Amended by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 10/16/2019 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice P-C Item Approved by Comm Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 10/2/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare P-C Item Laid Over by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 10/2/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 10/2/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice P-C Item Laid Over by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 10/2/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 11/18/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Returned Unsigned by Mayor  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 11/17/2019 A Diana I. Ayala Administration City Charter Rule Adopted  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 10/17/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 10/17/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 10/17/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 10/17/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 10/16/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Hearing on P-C Item by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 10/16/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 10/16/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Amended by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 10/16/2019 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice P-C Item Approved by Comm Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 10/2/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare P-C Item Laid Over by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 10/2/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Hearing on P-C Item by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 10/2/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice P-C Item Laid Over by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 10/2/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Criminal Justice Hearing on P-C Item by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available Preconsidered Int. No. 1742-A Preconsidered Int. No. 1742-A   By Council Members Ayala, Levin, Kallos, Rivera, Ampry-Samuel and Treyger By Council Members Ayala, Levin, Kallos, Rivera, Ampry-Samuel and Treyger   A Local Law to require the board of correction to report on the impact on incarcerated individuals of closing jails on Rikers Island, and to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to requiring the mayor’s office of criminal justice to report on progress in closing jails on Rikers Island A Local Law to require the board of correction to report on the impact on incarcerated individuals of closing jails on Rikers Island, and to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to requiring the mayor’s office of criminal justice to report on progress in closing jails on Rikers Island   Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Be it enacted by the Council as follows:   Section 1. Chapter 3 of title 9 of the administrative code of the city of New York is amended by adding a new section 9-308 to read as follows: Section 1. Chapter 3 of title 9 of the administrative code of the city of New York is amended by adding a new section 9-308 to read as follows: § 9-307 Report on the closure of jails on Rikers Island. § 9-307 Report on the closure of jails on Rikers Island. a. Beginning on the 30 th day of January in the year 2020, the mayor’s office of criminal justice shall submit shall submit a biannual report to the council and post to the office’s website and the city’s open data portal, a progress report on closing jails on Rikers Island and opening jail facilities outside Rikers Island . Such report shall be submitted within 60 days of January 1 and July 1 of each year and shall include information on the following issues: a. Beginning on the 30 th day of January in the year 2020, the mayor’s office of criminal justice shall submit shall submit a biannual report to the council and post to the office’s website and the city’s open data portal, a progress report on closing jails on Rikers Island and opening jail facilities outside Rikers Island . Such report shall be submitted within 60 days of January 1 and July 1 of each year and shall include information on the following issues: 1. Trends in the jail population and the drivers of population changes, including the following: 1. Trends in the jail population and the drivers of population changes, including the following: (a) the average daily population in total and disaggregated by facility, by borough of arrest, and in the following categories: pretrial, sentenced, technical parole violation, pretrial with  parole violations, and other; (a) the average daily population in total and disaggregated by facility, by borough of arrest, and in the following categories: pretrial, sentenced, technical parole violation, pretrial with  parole violations, and other; (b) the average and median length of stay of incarcerated individuals detained pretrial, in total and disaggregated by borough of arrest and whether there is a co-occurring parole violations; and (b) the average and median length of stay of incarcerated individuals detained pretrial, in total and disaggregated by borough of arrest and whether there is a co-occurring parole violations; and (c) the number and percentage of pretrial detainees whose length of stay is longer than 30 days, 90 days, six months, and one year. (c) the number and percentage of pretrial detainees whose length of stay is longer than 30 days, 90 days, six months, and one year. 2. The total capacity and average daily population of each correctional facility solely operated by the department of correction, disaggregated by facility. 2. The total capacity and average daily population of each correctional facility solely operated by the department of correction, disaggregated by facility. 3. The timeline for closure of each correctional facility located on Rikers Island, any significant changes to such timeline, and any significant actions taken by the mayor in response to such changes. 3. The timeline for closure of each correctional facility located on Rikers Island, any significant changes to such timeline, and any significant actions taken by the mayor in response to such changes. 4. The budget for closure, and any significant changes to such budget. 4. The budget for closure, and any significant changes to such budget. 5. The procurement of contracts related to closure and construction of jail facilities, including any relevant timelines. 5. The procurement of contracts related to closure and construction of jail facilities, including any relevant timelines. 6. A general overview of the design and construction of new jail facilities and any related information regarding the timelines for the construction of new facilities. 6. A general overview of the design and construction of new jail facilities and any related information regarding the timelines for the construction of new facilities. 7. Populations relocated as a result of new facility construction. 7. Populations relocated as a result of new facility construction. 8. The progress of implementing an electronic management system for individuals in custody. 8. The progress of implementing an electronic management system for individuals in custody. 9. Staff plans, by facility, including but not limited to the following information for the reporting period: the number of uniform and civilian staff hired, the number of uniform and civilian staff terminated, and the number of uniform and civilian staff who left the department for reasons other than termination. 9. Staff plans, by facility, including but not limited to the following information for the reporting period: the number of uniform and civilian staff hired, the number of uniform and civilian staff terminated, and the number of uniform and civilian staff who left the department for reasons other than termination. b. No information that is required to be reported pursuant to this section shall be reported in a manner that would violate any applicable provision of federal, state, or local law relating to the privacy of information . b. No information that is required to be reported pursuant to this section shall be reported in a manner that would violate any applicable provision of federal, state, or local law relating to the privacy of information . § 2. Board of correction progress report. The board of correction shall publish a report on the impact on incarcerated individuals of closing jails on Rikers Island and constructing new facilities to replace such jails, commencing on July 1, 2020 and every six months thereafter. Such report shall include but not be limited to information on the following issues: § 2. Board of correction progress report. The board of correction shall publish a report on the impact on incarcerated individuals of closing jails on Rikers Island and constructing new facilities to replace such jails, commencing on July 1, 2020 and every six months thereafter. Such report shall include but not be limited to information on the following issues:  a. The impact of the construction of new city jails on the department of correction and correctional health services’ ability to comply with board of correction minimum standards; a. The impact of the construction of new city jails on the department of correction and correctional health services’ ability to comply with board of correction minimum standards; b. The impact of any significant changes to the design or construction of any new jails on any incarcerated individuals and compliance with board of correction minimum standards. b. The impact of any significant changes to the design or construction of any new jails on any incarcerated individuals and compliance with board of correction minimum standards. § 3. Board of correction facility report.  The board of correction shall publish a report on compliance with the board’s minimum standards at each facility intended for the incarceration of individuals under the jurisdiction of the department of correction constructed after the effective date of this local law. Each such report shall be published no later than sixty days from the later of approval of occupancy from the department of buildings or the New York state commission of correction for the facility to which such report applies. Prior to publication, relevant parties shall be given 30 days to review each such report. The board of correction shall be given sufficient access to such facility to obtain the information necessary to complete such report, and shall have access to all published requests for proposals, contracts, and blueprints, program plans, and other materials related to the design and construction of such facility. All such materials shall remain confidential and may not be disclosed by such board to any person. The use of such facilities shall not be dependent on the publication of such report or its contents. § 3. Board of correction facility report.  The board of correction shall publish a report on compliance with the board’s minimum standards at each facility intended for the incarceration of individuals under the jurisdiction of the department of correction constructed after the effective date of this local law. Each such report shall be published no later than sixty days from the later of approval of occupancy from the department of buildings or the New York state commission of correction for the facility to which such report applies. Prior to publication, relevant parties shall be given 30 days to review each such report. The board of correction shall be given sufficient access to such facility to obtain the information necessary to complete such report, and shall have access to all published requests for proposals, contracts, and blueprints, program plans, and other materials related to the design and construction of such facility. All such materials shall remain confidential and may not be disclosed by such board to any person. The use of such facilities shall not be dependent on the publication of such report or its contents. §4. Effective date. This local law takes effect immediately and is repealed after July 1, 2028. §4. Effective date. This local law takes effect immediately and is repealed after July 1, 2028.                 AS/KMD AS/KMD LS #11693-a, 10834, 11,391 LS #11693-a, 10834, 11,391 10/9/19 12:12PM 10/9/19 12:12PM Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text)

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/LegislationDetail.aspx?ID=5451329&GUID=0B6206F8-E4E9-4488-BBB4-BDF4FDED1C71&Options=Advanced&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Reports File #: Int 0004-2022 Version: * A Name: Prohibiting the sale of guinea pigs in pet shops. Type: Introduction Status: Enacted Committee: Committee on Health On agenda: 2/10/2022 Enactment date: 5/12/2023 Law number: 2023/054 Title: A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to prohibiting the sale of guinea pigs in pet shops Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Julie Menin , Keith Powers , Robert F. Holden , Lynn C. Schulman , Farah N. Louis , Amanda Farías , Chi A. Ossé , Shahana K. Hanif , Shekar Krishnan , Justin L. Brannan , Christopher Marte , Shaun Abreu , Rita C. Joseph , Erik D. Bottcher , Kevin C. Riley , Gale A. Brewer , Eric Dinowitz , James F. Gennaro , Carmen N. De La Rosa , Jennifer Gutiérrez , Francisco P. Moya , Sandra Ung , Tiffany Cabán , Sandy Nurse , Carlina Rivera , Pierina Ana Sanchez , Linda Lee , Rafael Salamanca, Jr. , Mercedes Narcisse , Alexa Avilés , Crystal Hudson , Marjorie Velázquez , Kristin Richardson Jordan , Nantasha M. Williams , Julie Won Council Member Sponsors: 36 Summary: This bill would prohibit pet shops from selling guinea pigs. Attachments: 1. Summary of Int. No. 4-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 4 , 3. Int. No. 4 , 4. February 10, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  2-10-22 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - February 10, 2022 , 7. Committee Report 12/14/22 , 8. Hearing Testimony 12/14/22 , 9. Hearing Transcript 12/14/22 , 10. Proposed Int. No. 4-A - 3/31/23 , 11. Committee Report 4/11/23 , 12. Hearing Transcript 4/11/23 , 13. Committee Report - Stated Meeting , 14. April 11, 2023 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 15. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  4-11-23 , 16. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - April 11, 2023 , 17. Int. No. 4-A (FINAL) , 18. Fiscal Impact Statement , 19. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor , 20. Local Law 54 History (12) Text 12 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 5/16/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Returned Unsigned by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 5/12/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Administration City Charter Rule Adopted Action details Meeting details Not available 4/11/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 4/11/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 4/11/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Health Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 4/11/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Health Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 4/11/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Health Amended by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 4/11/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Health Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 12/14/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Health Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 12/14/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Health Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 2/10/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 2/10/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available Int. No. 4-A By Council Members Ayala, Menin, Powers, Holden, Schulman, Louis, Farías, Ossé, Hanif, Krishnan, Brannan, Marte, Abreu, Joseph, Bottcher, Riley, Brewer, Dinowitz, Gennaro, De La Rosa, Gutiérrez, Moya, Ung, Cabán, Nurse, Rivera, Sanchez, Lee, Salamanca, Narcisse, Avilés, Hudson, Velázquez, Richardson Jordan, Williams and Won A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to prohibiting the sale of guinea pigs in pet shops Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Section 1. Subdivision c of section 17-1702 of the administrative code of the city of New York, as amended by local law number 53 for the year 2015, is amended to read as follows: c. It shall be unlawful for any pet shop to display, offer for sale, deliver, barter, auction, give away, transfer or sell any rabbit or guinea pig . § 2. This local law takes effect 30 days after it becomes law. Session 12 NC LS #6276 3/28/2023, 5:39pm Session 11 NC LS #18111 Int. #2441-2021 Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text) Details Details Details Details Reports Reports Reports Reports File #: File #: Int 0004-2022 Version: * A Int 0004-2022 Version: Name: Name: Prohibiting the sale of guinea pigs in pet shops. Prohibiting the sale of guinea pigs in pet shops. Type: Type: Introduction Introduction Status: Status: Enacted Enacted   Committee: Committee: Committee on Health On agenda: On agenda: 2/10/2022 2/10/2022   Enactment date: Enactment date: 5/12/2023 5/12/2023 Law number: Law number: 2023/054 2023/054 Title: Title: A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to prohibiting the sale of guinea pigs in pet shops A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to prohibiting the sale of guinea pigs in pet shops Sponsors: Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Julie Menin , Keith Powers , Robert F. Holden , Lynn C. Schulman , Farah N. Louis , Amanda Farías , Chi A. Ossé , Shahana K. Hanif , Shekar Krishnan , Justin L. Brannan , Christopher Marte , Shaun Abreu , Rita C. Joseph , Erik D. Bottcher , Kevin C. Riley , Gale A. Brewer , Eric Dinowitz , James F. Gennaro , Carmen N. De La Rosa , Jennifer Gutiérrez , Francisco P. Moya , Sandra Ung , Tiffany Cabán , Sandy Nurse , Carlina Rivera , Pierina Ana Sanchez , Linda Lee , Rafael Salamanca, Jr. , Mercedes Narcisse , Alexa Avilés , Crystal Hudson , Marjorie Velázquez , Kristin Richardson Jordan , Nantasha M. Williams , Julie Won Diana I. Ayala , Julie Menin , Keith Powers , Robert F. Holden , Lynn C. Schulman , Farah N. Louis , Amanda Farías , Chi A. Ossé , Shahana K. Hanif , Shekar Krishnan , Justin L. Brannan , Christopher Marte , Shaun Abreu , Rita C. Joseph , Erik D. Bottcher , Kevin C. Riley , Gale A. Brewer , Eric Dinowitz , James F. Gennaro , Carmen N. De La Rosa , Jennifer Gutiérrez , Francisco P. Moya , Sandra Ung , Tiffany Cabán , Sandy Nurse , Carlina Rivera , Pierina Ana Sanchez , Linda Lee , Rafael Salamanca, Jr. , Mercedes Narcisse , Alexa Avilés , Crystal Hudson , Marjorie Velázquez , Kristin Richardson Jordan , Nantasha M. Williams , Julie Won Council Member Sponsors: Council Member Sponsors: 36 36 Summary: Summary: This bill would prohibit pet shops from selling guinea pigs. This bill would prohibit pet shops from selling guinea pigs. Attachments: Attachments: 1. Summary of Int. No. 4-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 4 , 3. Int. No. 4 , 4. February 10, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  2-10-22 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - February 10, 2022 , 7. Committee Report 12/14/22 , 8. Hearing Testimony 12/14/22 , 9. Hearing Transcript 12/14/22 , 10. Proposed Int. No. 4-A - 3/31/23 , 11. Committee Report 4/11/23 , 12. Hearing Transcript 4/11/23 , 13. Committee Report - Stated Meeting , 14. April 11, 2023 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 15. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  4-11-23 , 16. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - April 11, 2023 , 17. Int. No. 4-A (FINAL) , 18. Fiscal Impact Statement , 19. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor , 20. Local Law 54 1. Summary of Int. No. 4-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 4 , 3. Int. No. 4 , 4. February 10, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  2-10-22 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - February 10, 2022 , 7. Committee Report 12/14/22 , 8. Hearing Testimony 12/14/22 , 9. Hearing Transcript 12/14/22 , 10. Proposed Int. No. 4-A - 3/31/23 , 11. Committee Report 4/11/23 , 12. Hearing Transcript 4/11/23 , 13. Committee Report - Stated Meeting , 14. April 11, 2023 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 15. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  4-11-23 , 16. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - April 11, 2023 , 17. Int. No. 4-A (FINAL) , 18. Fiscal Impact Statement , 19. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor , 20. Local Law 54 History (12) History (12) History (12) History (12) Text Text Text Text 12 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 12 records 12 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Date Group by Action By Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 5/16/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Returned Unsigned by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 5/12/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Administration City Charter Rule Adopted Action details Meeting details Not available 4/11/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 4/11/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 4/11/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Health Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 4/11/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Health Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 4/11/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Health Amended by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 4/11/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Health Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 12/14/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Health Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 12/14/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Health Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 2/10/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 2/10/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 5/16/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Returned Unsigned by Mayor  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 5/12/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Administration City Charter Rule Adopted  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 4/11/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 4/11/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 4/11/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Health Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 4/11/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Health Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 4/11/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Health Amended by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 4/11/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Health Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 12/14/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Health Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 12/14/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Health Laid Over by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 2/10/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 2/10/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available Int. No. 4-A Int. No. 4-A   By Council Members Ayala, Menin, Powers, Holden, Schulman, Louis, Farías, Ossé, Hanif, Krishnan, Brannan, Marte, Abreu, Joseph, Bottcher, Riley, Brewer, Dinowitz, Gennaro, De La Rosa, Gutiérrez, Moya, Ung, Cabán, Nurse, Rivera, Sanchez, Lee, Salamanca, Narcisse, Avilés, Hudson, Velázquez, Richardson Jordan, Williams and Won By Council Members Ayala, Menin, Powers, Holden, Schulman, Louis, Farías, Ossé, Hanif, Krishnan, Brannan, Marte, Abreu, Joseph, Bottcher, Riley, Brewer, Dinowitz, Gennaro, De La Rosa, Gutiérrez, Moya, Ung, Cabán, Nurse, Rivera, Sanchez, Lee, Salamanca, Narcisse, Avilés, Hudson, Velázquez, Richardson Jordan, Williams and Won   A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to prohibiting the sale of guinea pigs in pet shops A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to prohibiting the sale of guinea pigs in pet shops   Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Be it enacted by the Council as follows:   Section 1. Subdivision c of section 17-1702 of the administrative code of the city of New York, as amended by local law number 53 for the year 2015, is amended to read as follows: Section 1. Subdivision c of section 17-1702 of the administrative code of the city of New York, as amended by local law number 53 for the year 2015, is amended to read as follows: c. It shall be unlawful for any pet shop to display, offer for sale, deliver, barter, auction, give away, transfer or sell any rabbit or guinea pig . c. It shall be unlawful for any pet shop to display, offer for sale, deliver, barter, auction, give away, transfer or sell any rabbit or guinea pig . § 2. This local law takes effect 30 days after it becomes law. § 2. This local law takes effect 30 days after it becomes law.         Session 12 Session 12 NC NC LS #6276 LS #6276 3/28/2023, 5:39pm 3/28/2023, 5:39pm   Session 11 Session 11 NC NC LS #18111 LS #18111 Int. #2441-2021 Int. #2441-2021       Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text)

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/LegislationDetail.aspx?ID=3957965&GUID=F9169B59-9565-4CDC-9D12-73C20E289E07&Options=Advanced&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Reports File #: Int 1559-2019 Version: * A Name: Establishment of an office to provide support to those in need of burial assistance. Type: Introduction Status: Enacted Committee: Committee on Health On agenda: 5/29/2019 Enactment date: 12/4/2019 Law number: 2019/213 Title: A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to the establishment of an office to provide support to those in need of burial assistance Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Alicka Ampry-Samuel , Ben Kallos , Brad S. Lander , Kalman Yeger , Farah N. Louis , Andrew Cohen , Stephen T. Levin , Mathieu Eugene Council Member Sponsors: 9 Summary: This bill would require the Department of Social Services (DSS) to establish an office to provide support and assistance to individuals who have lost a loved one and need information about and help accessing public burial, a burial allowance or any similar program. Attachments: 1. Summary of Int. No. 1559-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 1559 , 3. Int. No. 1559 , 4. May 29, 2019 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 5-29-19 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - May 29, 2019 , 7. Minutes of the Recessed Meeting of May 29, 2019 Held on June 13, 2019 , 8. Committee Report 5/30/19 , 9. Hearing Testimony 5/30/19 , 10. Hearing Transcript 5/30/19 , 11. Proposed Int. No. 1559-A - 11/15/19 , 12. Committee Report 11/12/19 , 13. Hearing Transcript 11/12/19 , 14. Committee Report - Stated Meeting , 15. November 14, 2019 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 16. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 11-14-19 , 17. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - November 14, 2019 , 18. Int. No. 1559-A (FINAL) , 19. Fiscal Impact Statement , 20. Mayor's Letter , 21. Local Law 213 History (17) Text 17 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 12/5/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Recved from Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 12/4/2019 A Diana I. Ayala Mayor Signed Into Law by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 12/4/2019 A Diana I. Ayala Mayor Hearing Held by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 11/14/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 11/14/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 11/12/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Health Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 11/12/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Health Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 11/12/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Health Amended by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 11/12/2019 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Health Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 5/30/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Parks and Recreation Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 5/30/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Parks and Recreation Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 5/30/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Transportation Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 5/30/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Transportation Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 5/30/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Health Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 5/30/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Health Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 5/29/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 5/29/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available Int. No. 1559-A By Council Members Ayala, Ampry-Samuel, Kallos, Lander, Yeger, Louis, Cohen, Levin and Eugene A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to the establishment of an office to provide support to those in need of burial assistance Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Section 1. Chapter 1 of title 21 of the administrative code of the city of New York is amended by adding a new section 21-110.2 to read as follows: § 21-110.2 Office of burial services. a. The department shall establish an office to provide support and, where eligible, financial assistance to survivors, next of kin, legally responsible relatives, friends or other designated entities of deceased indigent or unclaimed persons who require information about, and help facilitating the disposal of, decedent remains through public burial, accessing public burial, a burial allowance or any similar program. Such office shall provide services including, without limitation, explaining the availability of public burial options and assistance in applying for a burial allowance. § 2. This local law takes effect June 15, 2020, except that the commissioner of social services may take such measures as are necessary for the implementation of this local law, including the promulgation of rules, before such date. NAB/SIL LS #10326 9/4/19, 1:20 pm Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text) Details Details Details Details Reports Reports Reports Reports File #: File #: Int 1559-2019 Version: * A Int 1559-2019 Version: Name: Name: Establishment of an office to provide support to those in need of burial assistance. Establishment of an office to provide support to those in need of burial assistance. Type: Type: Introduction Introduction Status: Status: Enacted Enacted   Committee: Committee: Committee on Health On agenda: On agenda: 5/29/2019 5/29/2019   Enactment date: Enactment date: 12/4/2019 12/4/2019 Law number: Law number: 2019/213 2019/213 Title: Title: A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to the establishment of an office to provide support to those in need of burial assistance A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to the establishment of an office to provide support to those in need of burial assistance Sponsors: Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Alicka Ampry-Samuel , Ben Kallos , Brad S. Lander , Kalman Yeger , Farah N. Louis , Andrew Cohen , Stephen T. Levin , Mathieu Eugene Diana I. Ayala , Alicka Ampry-Samuel , Ben Kallos , Brad S. Lander , Kalman Yeger , Farah N. Louis , Andrew Cohen , Stephen T. Levin , Mathieu Eugene Council Member Sponsors: Council Member Sponsors: 9 9 Summary: Summary: This bill would require the Department of Social Services (DSS) to establish an office to provide support and assistance to individuals who have lost a loved one and need information about and help accessing public burial, a burial allowance or any similar program. This bill would require the Department of Social Services (DSS) to establish an office to provide support and assistance to individuals who have lost a loved one and need information about and help accessing public burial, a burial allowance or any similar program. Attachments: Attachments: 1. Summary of Int. No. 1559-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 1559 , 3. Int. No. 1559 , 4. May 29, 2019 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 5-29-19 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - May 29, 2019 , 7. Minutes of the Recessed Meeting of May 29, 2019 Held on June 13, 2019 , 8. Committee Report 5/30/19 , 9. Hearing Testimony 5/30/19 , 10. Hearing Transcript 5/30/19 , 11. Proposed Int. No. 1559-A - 11/15/19 , 12. Committee Report 11/12/19 , 13. Hearing Transcript 11/12/19 , 14. Committee Report - Stated Meeting , 15. November 14, 2019 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 16. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 11-14-19 , 17. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - November 14, 2019 , 18. Int. No. 1559-A (FINAL) , 19. Fiscal Impact Statement , 20. Mayor's Letter , 21. Local Law 213 1. Summary of Int. No. 1559-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 1559 , 3. Int. No. 1559 , 4. May 29, 2019 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 5-29-19 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - May 29, 2019 , 7. Minutes of the Recessed Meeting of May 29, 2019 Held on June 13, 2019 , 8. Committee Report 5/30/19 , 9. Hearing Testimony 5/30/19 , 10. Hearing Transcript 5/30/19 , 11. Proposed Int. No. 1559-A - 11/15/19 , 12. Committee Report 11/12/19 , 13. Hearing Transcript 11/12/19 , 14. Committee Report - Stated Meeting , 15. November 14, 2019 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 16. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 11-14-19 , 17. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - November 14, 2019 , 18. Int. No. 1559-A (FINAL) , 19. Fiscal Impact Statement , 20. Mayor's Letter , 21. Local Law 213 History (17) History (17) History (17) History (17) Text Text Text Text 17 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 17 records 17 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Date Group by Action By Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 12/5/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Recved from Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 12/4/2019 A Diana I. Ayala Mayor Signed Into Law by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 12/4/2019 A Diana I. Ayala Mayor Hearing Held by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 11/14/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 11/14/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 11/12/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Health Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 11/12/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Health Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 11/12/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Health Amended by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 11/12/2019 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Health Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 5/30/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Parks and Recreation Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 5/30/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Parks and Recreation Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 5/30/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Transportation Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 5/30/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Transportation Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 5/30/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Health Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 5/30/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Health Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 5/29/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 5/29/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 12/5/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Recved from Mayor by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 12/4/2019 A Diana I. Ayala Mayor Signed Into Law by Mayor  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 12/4/2019 A Diana I. Ayala Mayor Hearing Held by Mayor  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 11/14/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 11/14/2019 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 11/12/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Health Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 11/12/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Health Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 11/12/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Health Amended by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 11/12/2019 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Health Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 5/30/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Parks and Recreation Laid Over by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 5/30/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Parks and Recreation Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 5/30/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Transportation Laid Over by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 5/30/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Transportation Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 5/30/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Health Laid Over by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 5/30/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Health Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 5/29/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 5/29/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available Int. No. 1559-A Int. No. 1559-A   By Council Members Ayala, Ampry-Samuel, Kallos, Lander, Yeger, Louis, Cohen, Levin and Eugene By Council Members Ayala, Ampry-Samuel, Kallos, Lander, Yeger, Louis, Cohen, Levin and Eugene   A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to the establishment of an office to provide support to those in need of burial assistance A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to the establishment of an office to provide support to those in need of burial assistance   Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Be it enacted by the Council as follows:   Section 1. Chapter 1 of title 21 of the administrative code of the city of New York is amended by adding a new section 21-110.2 to read as follows: Section 1. Chapter 1 of title 21 of the administrative code of the city of New York is amended by adding a new section 21-110.2 to read as follows: § 21-110.2 Office of burial services. a. The department shall establish an office to provide support and, where eligible, financial assistance to survivors, next of kin, legally responsible relatives, friends or other designated entities of deceased indigent or unclaimed persons who require information about, and help facilitating the disposal of, decedent remains through public burial, accessing public burial, a burial allowance or any similar program. Such office shall provide services including, without limitation, explaining the availability of public burial options and assistance in applying for a burial allowance. § 21-110.2 Office of burial services. a. The department shall establish an office to provide support and, where eligible, financial assistance to survivors, next of kin, legally responsible relatives, friends or other designated entities of deceased indigent or unclaimed persons who require information about, and help facilitating the disposal of, decedent remains through public burial, accessing public burial, a burial allowance or any similar program. Such office shall provide services including, without limitation, explaining the availability of public burial options and assistance in applying for a burial allowance. § 2. This local law takes effect June 15, 2020, except that the commissioner of social services may take such measures as are necessary for the implementation of this local law, including the promulgation of rules, before such date. § 2. This local law takes effect June 15, 2020, except that the commissioner of social services may take such measures as are necessary for the implementation of this local law, including the promulgation of rules, before such date.  NAB/SIL NAB/SIL LS #10326 LS #10326 9/4/19, 1:20 pm 9/4/19, 1:20 pm               Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text)

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/LegislationDetail.aspx?ID=6276183&GUID=C8A3D695-A2B4-4C1D-AFF9-CF8750284BDD&Options=Advanced&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Reports File #: Res 0704-2023 Version: * Name: COMPUTING AND CERTIFYING ADJUSTED BASE PROPORTION OF EACH CLASS OF REAL PROPERTY FOR FISCAL 2024 TO THE STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY TAX SERVICES. Type: Resolution Status: Adopted Committee: Committee on Finance On agenda: 6/30/2023 Enactment date: Law number: Title: RESOLUTION COMPUTING AND CERTIFYING ADJUSTED BASE PROPORTION OF EACH CLASS OF REAL PROPERTY FOR FISCAL 2024 TO THE STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY TAX SERVICES PURSUANT TO SECTION 1803-a OF THE REAL PROPERTY TAX LAW. Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala Council Member Sponsors: 1 Attachments: 1. Res. No. 704 , 2. Committee Report , 3. Exhibit A , 4. Hearing Transcript , 5. June 30, 2023 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 6. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  6-30-23 , 7. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 30, 2023 History (5) Text 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 6/30/2023 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved, by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 6/30/2023 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/30/2023 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/30/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 6/30/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance P-C Item Approved by Comm Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Preconsidered Res. No. 704 RESOLUTION COMPUTING AND CERTIFYING ADJUSTED BASE PROPORTION OF EACH CLASS OF REAL PROPERTY FOR FISCAL 2024 TO THE STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY TAX SERVICES PURSUANT TO SECTION 1803-a OF THE REAL PROPERTY TAX LAW. By Council Member Ayala WHEREAS , This Resolution, dated June 30, 2023, computes and certifies the adjusted base proportion of each class of real property for the fiscal year beginning on July 1, 2023 and ending on June 30, 2024 (“Fiscal 2024”) to the State Board of Real Property Tax Services (“SBRPTS”) pursuant to Section 1803-a of the Real Property Tax Law; and WHEREAS , On May 25, 2023, pursuant to Section 1514 of the New York City Charter, the Commissioner of the Department of Finance delivered to the Council the certified assessment rolls for all real property assessable for taxation in the City in each borough thereof for Fiscal 2024, a certified copy of which is in the Office of the Clerk of the City pursuant to Section 516 of the Real Property Tax Law (the "Fiscal 2024 Assessment Rolls"); and WHEREAS , Pursuant to Section 1803-a(1) of the Real Property Tax Law the Council adopts herewith a resolution in which the Council computed and certified the current base proportion, the current percentage and the base percentage of each class of real property in the City for Fiscal 2024 (the "Current Base Proportion Resolution"); and WHEREAS , Section 1803-a(5) of the Real Property Tax Law requires the Council, subsequent to the filing of the final Fiscal 2024 Assessment Rolls, to adjust current base proportions computed pursuant to the Current Base Proportion Resolution to reflect additions to and removals from the Fiscal 2024 Assessment Rolls as described therein (each such current base proportion so adjusted to be known as an "Adjusted Base Proportion"); and WHEREAS , Within five days upon determination of the Adjusted Base Proportions, Section 1803-a(6) of the Real Property Tax Law, requires the Council to certify, to the SBRPTS, the Adjusted Base Proportion for each class of real property applicable to the City, the assessed value of all property in each class of real property, the net change in assessed value for each class on the Fiscal 2024 Assessment Rolls resulting from the additions to or removals from the Fiscal 2024 Assessment Rolls as described above, and the net change in assessed value for each class on the Fiscal  2024 Assessment Rolls resulting from changes other than those referred to above; NOW, THEREFORE , be it resolved by The Council of The City of New York as follows: Section 1. Computation and Certification of Adjusted Base Proportions and Related Information for Fiscal 2024. (a) The Council hereby computes and certifies the Adjusted Base Proportion for each class of real property applicable to the City, the assessed value of all property in each class of real property, the net change in assessed value for each class on the Fiscal 2024 Assessment Rolls resulting from the additions to or removals from the Fiscal 2024 Assessment Rolls as described in Section 1803-a(5) of the Real Property Tax Law, and the net change in assessed value for each class on the Fiscal 2024 Assessment Rolls resulting from changes other than those described in Section 1803-a(5) of the Real Property Tax Law, as shown on SBRPTS Form RP-6702, attached hereto as Exhibit A and incorporated herein by reference (the "ABP Certificate"). (b) The Clerk of the Council is hereby authorized and directed to execute the ABP Certificate and to file it with the SBRPTS no later than five days after the date hereof. Section 2. Effective Date. This resolution shall take effect as of the date hereof. AW/EE/KA 6/28/2023 Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text) Details Details Details Details Reports Reports Reports Reports File #: File #: Res 0704-2023 Version: * Res 0704-2023 Version: * Name: Name: COMPUTING AND CERTIFYING ADJUSTED BASE PROPORTION OF EACH CLASS OF REAL PROPERTY FOR FISCAL 2024 TO THE STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY TAX SERVICES. COMPUTING AND CERTIFYING ADJUSTED BASE PROPORTION OF EACH CLASS OF REAL PROPERTY FOR FISCAL 2024 TO THE STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY TAX SERVICES. Type: Type: Resolution Resolution Status: Status: Adopted Adopted   Committee: Committee: Committee on Finance On agenda: On agenda: 6/30/2023 6/30/2023   Enactment date: Enactment date:   Law number: Law number:   Title: Title: RESOLUTION COMPUTING AND CERTIFYING ADJUSTED BASE PROPORTION OF EACH CLASS OF REAL PROPERTY FOR FISCAL 2024 TO THE STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY TAX SERVICES PURSUANT TO SECTION 1803-a OF THE REAL PROPERTY TAX LAW. RESOLUTION COMPUTING AND CERTIFYING ADJUSTED BASE PROPORTION OF EACH CLASS OF REAL PROPERTY FOR FISCAL 2024 TO THE STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY TAX SERVICES PURSUANT TO SECTION 1803-a OF THE REAL PROPERTY TAX LAW. Sponsors: Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala Diana I. Ayala Council Member Sponsors: Council Member Sponsors: 1 1 Attachments: Attachments: 1. Res. No. 704 , 2. Committee Report , 3. Exhibit A , 4. Hearing Transcript , 5. June 30, 2023 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 6. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  6-30-23 , 7. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 30, 2023 1. Res. No. 704 , 2. Committee Report , 3. Exhibit A , 4. Hearing Transcript , 5. June 30, 2023 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 6. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  6-30-23 , 7. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 30, 2023 History (5) History (5) History (5) History (5) Text Text Text Text 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 5 records 5 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Date Group by Action By Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 6/30/2023 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved, by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 6/30/2023 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/30/2023 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/30/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 6/30/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance P-C Item Approved by Comm Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 6/30/2023 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved, by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/30/2023 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/30/2023 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/30/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Hearing on P-C Item by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/30/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance P-C Item Approved by Comm Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available Preconsidered Res. No. 704 Preconsidered Res. No. 704   RESOLUTION COMPUTING AND CERTIFYING ADJUSTED BASE PROPORTION OF EACH CLASS OF REAL PROPERTY FOR FISCAL 2024 TO THE STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY TAX SERVICES PURSUANT TO SECTION 1803-a OF THE REAL PROPERTY TAX LAW. RESOLUTION COMPUTING AND CERTIFYING ADJUSTED BASE PROPORTION OF EACH CLASS OF REAL PROPERTY FOR FISCAL 2024 TO THE STATE BOARD OF REAL PROPERTY TAX SERVICES PURSUANT TO SECTION 1803-a OF THE REAL PROPERTY TAX LAW.   By Council Member Ayala By Council Member Ayala   WHEREAS , This Resolution, dated June 30, 2023, computes and certifies the adjusted base proportion of each class of real property for the fiscal year beginning on July 1, 2023 and ending on June 30, 2024 (“Fiscal 2024”) to the State Board of Real Property Tax Services (“SBRPTS”) pursuant to Section 1803-a of the Real Property Tax Law; and WHEREAS , This Resolution, dated June 30, 2023, computes and certifies the adjusted base proportion of each class of real property for the fiscal year beginning on July 1, 2023 and ending on June 30, 2024 (“Fiscal 2024”) to the State Board of Real Property Tax Services (“SBRPTS”) pursuant to Section 1803-a of the Real Property Tax Law; and   WHEREAS , On May 25, 2023, pursuant to Section 1514 of the New York City Charter, the Commissioner of the Department of Finance delivered to the Council the certified assessment rolls for all real property assessable for taxation in the City in each borough thereof for Fiscal 2024, a certified copy of which is in the Office of the Clerk of the City pursuant to Section 516 of the Real Property Tax Law (the "Fiscal 2024 Assessment Rolls"); and WHEREAS , On May 25, 2023, pursuant to Section 1514 of the New York City Charter, the Commissioner of the Department of Finance delivered to the Council the certified assessment rolls for all real property assessable for taxation in the City in each borough thereof for Fiscal 2024, a certified copy of which is in the Office of the Clerk of the City pursuant to Section 516 of the Real Property Tax Law (the "Fiscal 2024 Assessment Rolls"); and   WHEREAS , Pursuant to Section 1803-a(1) of the Real Property Tax Law the Council adopts herewith a resolution in which the Council computed and certified the current base proportion, the current percentage and the base percentage of each class of real property in the City for Fiscal 2024 (the "Current Base Proportion Resolution"); and WHEREAS , Pursuant to Section 1803-a(1) of the Real Property Tax Law the Council adopts herewith a resolution in which the Council computed and certified the current base proportion, the current percentage and the base percentage of each class of real property in the City for Fiscal 2024 (the "Current Base Proportion Resolution"); and   WHEREAS , Section 1803-a(5) of the Real Property Tax Law requires the Council, subsequent to the filing of the final Fiscal 2024 Assessment Rolls, to adjust current base proportions computed pursuant to the Current Base Proportion Resolution to reflect additions to and removals from the Fiscal 2024 Assessment Rolls as described therein (each such current base proportion so adjusted to be known as an "Adjusted Base Proportion"); and WHEREAS , Section 1803-a(5) of the Real Property Tax Law requires the Council, subsequent to the filing of the final Fiscal 2024 Assessment Rolls, to adjust current base proportions computed pursuant to the Current Base Proportion Resolution to reflect additions to and removals from the Fiscal 2024 Assessment Rolls as described therein (each such current base proportion so adjusted to be known as an "Adjusted Base Proportion"); and   WHEREAS , Within five days upon determination of the Adjusted Base Proportions, Section 1803-a(6) of the Real Property Tax Law, requires the Council to certify, to the SBRPTS, the Adjusted Base Proportion for each class of real property applicable to the City, the assessed value of all property in each class of real property, the net change in assessed value for each class on the Fiscal 2024 Assessment Rolls resulting from the additions to or removals from the Fiscal 2024 Assessment Rolls as described above, and the net change in assessed value for each class on the Fiscal  2024 Assessment Rolls resulting from changes other than those referred to above; WHEREAS , Within five days upon determination of the Adjusted Base Proportions, Section 1803-a(6) of the Real Property Tax Law, requires the Council to certify, to the SBRPTS, the Adjusted Base Proportion for each class of real property applicable to the City, the assessed value of all property in each class of real property, the net change in assessed value for each class on the Fiscal 2024 Assessment Rolls resulting from the additions to or removals from the Fiscal 2024 Assessment Rolls as described above, and the net change in assessed value for each class on the Fiscal  2024 Assessment Rolls resulting from changes other than those referred to above;   NOW, THEREFORE , be it resolved by The Council of The City of New York as follows: NOW, THEREFORE , be it resolved by The Council of The City of New York as follows:    Section 1. Computation and Certification of Adjusted Base Proportions and Related Information for Fiscal 2024. (a) The Council hereby computes and certifies the Adjusted Base Proportion for each class of real property applicable to the City, the assessed value of all property in each class of real property, the net change in assessed value for each class on the Fiscal 2024 Assessment Rolls resulting from the additions to or removals from the Fiscal 2024 Assessment Rolls as described in Section 1803-a(5) of the Real Property Tax Law, and the net change in assessed value for each class on the Fiscal 2024 Assessment Rolls resulting from changes other than those described in Section 1803-a(5) of the Real Property Tax Law, as shown on SBRPTS Form RP-6702, attached hereto as Exhibit A and incorporated herein by reference (the "ABP Certificate"). Section 1. Computation and Certification of Adjusted Base Proportions and Related Information for Fiscal 2024. (a) The Council hereby computes and certifies the Adjusted Base Proportion for each class of real property applicable to the City, the assessed value of all property in each class of real property, the net change in assessed value for each class on the Fiscal 2024 Assessment Rolls resulting from the additions to or removals from the Fiscal 2024 Assessment Rolls as described in Section 1803-a(5) of the Real Property Tax Law, and the net change in assessed value for each class on the Fiscal 2024 Assessment Rolls resulting from changes other than those described in Section 1803-a(5) of the Real Property Tax Law, as shown on SBRPTS Form RP-6702, attached hereto as Exhibit A and incorporated herein by reference (the "ABP Certificate").   (b) The Clerk of the Council is hereby authorized and directed to execute the ABP Certificate and to file it with the SBRPTS no later than five days after the date hereof. (b) The Clerk of the Council is hereby authorized and directed to execute the ABP Certificate and to file it with the SBRPTS no later than five days after the date hereof.   Section 2. Effective Date. This resolution shall take effect as of the date hereof. Section 2. Effective Date. This resolution shall take effect as of the date hereof.   AW/EE/KA AW/EE/KA 6/28/2023 6/28/2023 Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text)

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/LegislationDetail.aspx?ID=5668103&GUID=49E91A61-04FA-43B4-8F76-B65FAA98EB38&Options=Advanced&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Reports File #: Res 0192-2022 Version: * Name: Establish that the interest rate be four percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023 for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of not more than $250,000, or not more than $250,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments. Type: Resolution Status: Adopted Committee: Committee on Finance On agenda: 6/2/2022 Enactment date: Law number: Title: Resolution to establish that the interest rate be four percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023 for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of not more than $250,000, or not more than $250,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments. Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Shaun Abreu Council Member Sponsors: 2 Attachments: 1. Res. No. 192 , 2. Committee Report 6/2/22 , 3. Hearing Transcript 6/2/22 , 4. June 2, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  6-2-22 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 2, 2022 , 7. Memorandum , 8. Committee Report 6/16/22 , 9. Hearing Transcript 6/16/22 , 10. June 16, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 11. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  6-16-22 , 12. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 16, 2022 History (7) Text 7 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 6/16/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved, by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 6/16/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 6/16/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance P-C Item Laid Over by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available Res. No. 192 Resolution to establish that the interest rate be four percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023 for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of not more than $250,000, or not more than $250,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments. By Council Members Ayala and Abreu Whereas, Pursuant to Section 11-224.1 of the Administrative Code of the City of New York the Banking Commission is required to recommend to the City Council, not later than the 13th day of May of each year, the proposed interest rate to be charged for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of not more than $250,000, or not more than $250,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments; and Whereas, The Banking Commission is required to propose a rate at least equal to the prevailing interest rate charged for commercial loans extended to prime borrowers by commercial banks operating in the City (the “Prime Rate”); and Whereas, The Banking Commission notes that as of May 12, 2021, the Prime Rate stands at four percent as published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System; and Whereas, the Federal Reserve plans to raise interest rates multiple times this year, and has acted to scale back other pandemic-era economic supports, in order to strengthen its efforts to fight the highest inflation in 40 years. The Federal Reserve is expecting that a steady series of rate hikes will slash inflation and stabilize the economy, at a time when there is uncertainty in the global economy; and Whereas, It is in the best interest of the City to encourage the prompt payment of taxes on real estate by all taxpayers; and Whereas, The Banking Commission forwarded its recommendation to the Council, by letter dated May 13, 2022, that the interest rate to be charged for the non-payment of taxes on properties where the assessed value is not more than $250,000, or not more than $250,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments, be six percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023; now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Council of the City of New York establishes that the interest rate be four percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023 for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of not more than $250,000, or not more than $250,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments. MMB LS #9461 5/24/22; 9:39 a.m. Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text) Details Details Details Details Reports Reports Reports Reports File #: File #: Res 0192-2022 Version: * Res 0192-2022 Version: * Name: Name: Establish that the interest rate be four percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023 for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of not more than $250,000, or not more than $250,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments. Establish that the interest rate be four percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023 for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of not more than $250,000, or not more than $250,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments. Type: Type: Resolution Resolution Status: Status: Adopted Adopted   Committee: Committee: Committee on Finance On agenda: On agenda: 6/2/2022 6/2/2022   Enactment date: Enactment date:   Law number: Law number:   Title: Title: Resolution to establish that the interest rate be four percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023 for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of not more than $250,000, or not more than $250,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments. Resolution to establish that the interest rate be four percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023 for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of not more than $250,000, or not more than $250,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments. Sponsors: Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Shaun Abreu Diana I. Ayala , Shaun Abreu Council Member Sponsors: Council Member Sponsors: 2 2 Attachments: Attachments: 1. Res. No. 192 , 2. Committee Report 6/2/22 , 3. Hearing Transcript 6/2/22 , 4. June 2, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  6-2-22 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 2, 2022 , 7. Memorandum , 8. Committee Report 6/16/22 , 9. Hearing Transcript 6/16/22 , 10. June 16, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 11. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  6-16-22 , 12. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 16, 2022 1. Res. No. 192 , 2. Committee Report 6/2/22 , 3. Hearing Transcript 6/2/22 , 4. June 2, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 5. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  6-2-22 , 6. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 2, 2022 , 7. Memorandum , 8. Committee Report 6/16/22 , 9. Hearing Transcript 6/16/22 , 10. June 16, 2022 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 11. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  6-16-22 , 12. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 16, 2022 History (7) History (7) History (7) History (7) Text Text Text Text 7 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 7 records 7 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Date Group by Action By Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 6/16/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved, by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 6/16/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 6/16/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance P-C Item Laid Over by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 6/16/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved, by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/16/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/16/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance Hearing on P-C Item by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/2/2022 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Finance P-C Item Laid Over by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available Res. No. 192 Res. No. 192 Resolution to establish that the interest rate be four percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023 for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of not more than $250,000, or not more than $250,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments. Resolution to establish that the interest rate be four percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023 for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of not more than $250,000, or not more than $250,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments.   By Council Members Ayala and Abreu By Council Members Ayala and Abreu   Whereas, Pursuant to Section 11-224.1 of the Administrative Code of the City of New York the Banking Commission is required to recommend to the City Council, not later than the 13th day of May of each year, the proposed interest rate to be charged for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of not more than $250,000, or not more than $250,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments; and  Whereas, Pursuant to Section 11-224.1 of the Administrative Code of the City of New York the Banking Commission is required to recommend to the City Council, not later than the 13th day of May of each year, the proposed interest rate to be charged for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of not more than $250,000, or not more than $250,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments; and Whereas, The Banking Commission is required to propose a rate at least equal to the prevailing interest rate charged for commercial loans extended to prime borrowers by commercial banks operating in the City (the “Prime Rate”); and  Whereas, The Banking Commission is required to propose a rate at least equal to the prevailing interest rate charged for commercial loans extended to prime borrowers by commercial banks operating in the City (the “Prime Rate”); and Whereas, The Banking Commission notes that as of May 12, 2021, the Prime Rate stands at four percent as published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System; and  Whereas, The Banking Commission notes that as of May 12, 2021, the Prime Rate stands at four percent as published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System; and Whereas, the Federal Reserve plans to raise interest rates multiple times this year, and has acted to scale back other pandemic-era economic supports, in order to strengthen its efforts to fight the highest inflation in 40 years. The Federal Reserve is expecting that a steady series of rate hikes will slash inflation and stabilize the economy, at a time when there is uncertainty in the global economy; and  Whereas, the Federal Reserve plans to raise interest rates multiple times this year, and has acted to scale back other pandemic-era economic supports, in order to strengthen its efforts to fight the highest inflation in 40 years. The Federal Reserve is expecting that a steady series of rate hikes will slash inflation and stabilize the economy, at a time when there is uncertainty in the global economy; and Whereas, It is in the best interest of the City to encourage the prompt payment of taxes on real estate by all taxpayers; and Whereas, It is in the best interest of the City to encourage the prompt payment of taxes on real estate by all taxpayers; and Whereas, The Banking Commission forwarded its recommendation to the Council, by letter dated May 13, 2022, that the interest rate to be charged for the non-payment of taxes on properties where the assessed value is not more than $250,000, or not more than $250,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments, be six percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023; now, therefore, be it Whereas, The Banking Commission forwarded its recommendation to the Council, by letter dated May 13, 2022, that the interest rate to be charged for the non-payment of taxes on properties where the assessed value is not more than $250,000, or not more than $250,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments, be six percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023; now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Council of the City of New York establishes that the interest rate be four percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023 for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of not more than $250,000, or not more than $250,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments.  Resolved, That the Council of the City of New York establishes that the interest rate be four percent per annum for Fiscal Year 2023 for non-payment of taxes on properties with an assessed value of not more than $250,000, or not more than $250,000 per residential unit for cooperative apartments.   MMB MMB LS #9461 LS #9461 5/24/22; 9:39 a.m. 5/24/22; 9:39 a.m.   Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text)

--- 3rd Level Page: https://nyc.us18.list-manage.com/subscribe?u=c3d49ddaca2ed8f8f4fafeada&id=6fac1ac748 ---
Join Council Member Diana Ayala's Mailing List * * Month Day

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/LegislationDetail.aspx?ID=3686879&GUID=233CDCCC-31F2-4D9D-BAA7-EC9BE33B02CC&Options=Advanced&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Reports File #: Res 0540-2018 Version: * Name: NYS Education Dept to require, implement and enforce more extensive training and tracking of the training of school bus drivers and attendants who transport students with disabilities. Type: Resolution Status: Adopted Committee: Committee on Education On agenda: 9/26/2018 Enactment date: Law number: Title: Resolution calling upon the New York State Education Department to require, implement and enforce more extensive training and tracking of the training of school bus drivers and attendants who transport students with disabilities. Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Carlina Rivera , Robert F. Holden , Ben Kallos , Inez D. Barron , Stephen T. Levin , Deborah L. Rose , Alicka Ampry-Samuel , Justin L. Brannan , James G. Van Bramer Council Member Sponsors: 10 Attachments: 1. Res. No. 540 , 2. September 26, 2018 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 3. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 09-26-2018 , 4. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - September 26, 2018 , 5. Committee Report 10/16/18 , 6. Hearing Testimony 10/16/18 , 7. Hearing Transcript 10/16/18 , 8. Committee Report 1/9/19 , 9. Hearing Transcript 1/9/19 , 10. January 9, 2019 - Charter Meeting with Links to Files , 11. Hearing Transcript - Charter Meeting 1-9-19 , 12. Minutes of the Charter Meeting - January 9, 2019 History (7) Text 7 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 1/9/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved, by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 1/9/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Education Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 1/9/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Education Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 10/16/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Education Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 10/16/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Education Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 9/26/2018 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 9/26/2018 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available Res. No. 540 Resolution calling upon the New York State Education Department to require, implement and enforce more extensive training and tracking of the training of school bus drivers and attendants who transport students with disabilities. By Council Members Ayala, Rivera, Holden, Kallos, Barron, Levin, Rose, Ampry-Samuel, Brannan and Van Bramer Whereas, Multiple incidents have raised concerns about the safety of children with special needs while in transport to and from schools in the city of New York; and Whereas, In September 2018, Bertram Ford, a sixth grader who has autism, endured a four hour school bus ride to school, which occurred after two days of his school bus not showing up to transport him to school; and Whereas, As reported in a September 2018 New York Post article, a Queens mother is suing the Department of Education and the bus company First Steps Transportation Inc. alleging that her 13-year-old daughter, who has a developmental disability, was left on her school bus for three hours; and Whereas, The New York State Education Department mandates the safety standards and requirements for school bus drivers and attendants in the city of New York, pursuant to title 8, chapter II, subchapter J, part 156 of the state’s official compilation of codes, rules and regulations; and Whereas, Pursuant to the state regulations, school bus drivers and attendants must receive training concerning children with special needs through the Department of Education’s Office of Pupil Transportation; and Whereas, Providing drivers and attendants with more in-depth instruction about the needs, safety concerns, supervision and safety techniques relating to students with disabilities could help ensure their safe transport; and Whereas, A systematic recording protocol to track driver and attendant attendance at these trainings could ensure that every bus driver and attendant receives the required training; and Whereas, More extensive training and tracking of this training could help ensure that children are safely transported in the city of New York; and Whereas, It is of great importance to the city of New York to ensure that children are transported in a safe manner within the city; now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Council of the City of New York calls upon the New York State Education Department to require, implement and enforce more extensive training and tracking of the training of school bus drivers and attendants who transport students with disabilities. MK/ KJ LS #1368 9/18/18 Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text) Details Details Details Details Reports Reports Reports Reports File #: File #: Res 0540-2018 Version: * Res 0540-2018 Version: * Name: Name: NYS Education Dept to require, implement and enforce more extensive training and tracking of the training of school bus drivers and attendants who transport students with disabilities. NYS Education Dept to require, implement and enforce more extensive training and tracking of the training of school bus drivers and attendants who transport students with disabilities. Type: Type: Resolution Resolution Status: Status: Adopted Adopted   Committee: Committee: Committee on Education On agenda: On agenda: 9/26/2018 9/26/2018   Enactment date: Enactment date:   Law number: Law number:   Title: Title: Resolution calling upon the New York State Education Department to require, implement and enforce more extensive training and tracking of the training of school bus drivers and attendants who transport students with disabilities. Resolution calling upon the New York State Education Department to require, implement and enforce more extensive training and tracking of the training of school bus drivers and attendants who transport students with disabilities. Sponsors: Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Carlina Rivera , Robert F. Holden , Ben Kallos , Inez D. Barron , Stephen T. Levin , Deborah L. Rose , Alicka Ampry-Samuel , Justin L. Brannan , James G. Van Bramer Diana I. Ayala , Carlina Rivera , Robert F. Holden , Ben Kallos , Inez D. Barron , Stephen T. Levin , Deborah L. Rose , Alicka Ampry-Samuel , Justin L. Brannan , James G. Van Bramer Council Member Sponsors: Council Member Sponsors: 10 10 Attachments: Attachments: 1. Res. No. 540 , 2. September 26, 2018 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 3. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 09-26-2018 , 4. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - September 26, 2018 , 5. Committee Report 10/16/18 , 6. Hearing Testimony 10/16/18 , 7. Hearing Transcript 10/16/18 , 8. Committee Report 1/9/19 , 9. Hearing Transcript 1/9/19 , 10. January 9, 2019 - Charter Meeting with Links to Files , 11. Hearing Transcript - Charter Meeting 1-9-19 , 12. Minutes of the Charter Meeting - January 9, 2019 1. Res. No. 540 , 2. September 26, 2018 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 3. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 09-26-2018 , 4. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - September 26, 2018 , 5. Committee Report 10/16/18 , 6. Hearing Testimony 10/16/18 , 7. Hearing Transcript 10/16/18 , 8. Committee Report 1/9/19 , 9. Hearing Transcript 1/9/19 , 10. January 9, 2019 - Charter Meeting with Links to Files , 11. Hearing Transcript - Charter Meeting 1-9-19 , 12. Minutes of the Charter Meeting - January 9, 2019 History (7) History (7) History (7) History (7) Text Text Text Text 7 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 7 records 7 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Date Group by Action By Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 1/9/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved, by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 1/9/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Education Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 1/9/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Education Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 10/16/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Education Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 10/16/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Education Laid Over by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 9/26/2018 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 9/26/2018 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 1/9/2019 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved, by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 1/9/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Education Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 1/9/2019 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Education Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 10/16/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Education Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 10/16/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Education Laid Over by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 9/26/2018 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 9/26/2018 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available Res. No. 540 Res. No. 540   Resolution calling upon the New York State Education Department to require, implement and enforce more extensive training and tracking of the training of school bus drivers and attendants who transport students with disabilities. Resolution calling upon the New York State Education Department to require, implement and enforce more extensive training and tracking of the training of school bus drivers and attendants who transport students with disabilities.   By Council Members Ayala, Rivera, Holden, Kallos, Barron, Levin, Rose, Ampry-Samuel, Brannan and Van Bramer By Council Members Ayala, Rivera, Holden, Kallos, Barron, Levin, Rose, Ampry-Samuel, Brannan and Van Bramer   Whereas, Multiple incidents have raised concerns about the safety of children with special needs while in transport to and from schools in the city of New York; and Whereas, Multiple incidents have raised concerns about the safety of children with special needs while in transport to and from schools in the city of New York; and Whereas, In September 2018, Bertram Ford, a sixth grader who has autism, endured a four hour school bus ride to school, which occurred after two days of his school bus not showing up to transport him to school; and Whereas, In September 2018, Bertram Ford, a sixth grader who has autism, endured a four hour school bus ride to school, which occurred after two days of his school bus not showing up to transport him to school; and Whereas, As reported in a September 2018 New York Post article, a Queens mother is suing the Department of Education and the bus company First Steps Transportation Inc. alleging that her 13-year-old daughter, who has a developmental disability, was left on her school bus for three hours; and Whereas, As reported in a September 2018 New York Post article, a Queens mother is suing the Department of Education and the bus company First Steps Transportation Inc. alleging that her 13-year-old daughter, who has a developmental disability, was left on her school bus for three hours; and Whereas, The New York State Education Department mandates the safety standards and requirements for school bus drivers and attendants in the city of New York, pursuant to title 8, chapter II, subchapter J, part 156 of the state’s official compilation of codes, rules and regulations; and Whereas, The New York State Education Department mandates the safety standards and requirements for school bus drivers and attendants in the city of New York, pursuant to title 8, chapter II, subchapter J, part 156 of the state’s official compilation of codes, rules and regulations; and Whereas, Pursuant to the state regulations, school bus drivers and attendants must receive training concerning children with special needs through the Department of Education’s Office of Pupil Transportation; and Whereas, Pursuant to the state regulations, school bus drivers and attendants must receive training concerning children with special needs through the Department of Education’s Office of Pupil Transportation; and Whereas, Providing drivers and attendants with more in-depth instruction about the needs, safety concerns, supervision and safety techniques relating to students with disabilities could help ensure their safe transport; and Whereas, Providing drivers and attendants with more in-depth instruction about the needs, safety concerns, supervision and safety techniques relating to students with disabilities could help ensure their safe transport; and Whereas, A systematic recording protocol to track driver and attendant attendance at these trainings could ensure that every bus driver and attendant receives the required training; and Whereas, A systematic recording protocol to track driver and attendant attendance at these trainings could ensure that every bus driver and attendant receives the required training; and Whereas, More extensive training and tracking of this training could help ensure that children are safely transported in the city of New York; and Whereas, More extensive training and tracking of this training could help ensure that children are safely transported in the city of New York; and Whereas, It is of great importance to the city of New York to ensure that children are transported in a safe manner within the city; now, therefore, be it Whereas, It is of great importance to the city of New York to ensure that children are transported in a safe manner within the city; now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Council of the City of New York calls upon the New York State Education Department to require, implement and enforce more extensive training and tracking of the training of school bus drivers and attendants who transport students with disabilities. Resolved, That the Council of the City of New York calls upon the New York State Education Department to require, implement and enforce more extensive training and tracking of the training of school bus drivers and attendants who transport students with disabilities.   MK/ KJ MK/ KJ LS #1368 LS #1368 9/18/18 9/18/18   Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text)

--- 3rd Level Page: https://linktr.ee/cmdianaayalanyc?utm_source=linktree_profile_share&ltsid=a05a289a-ab3d-4dfc-bf2b-132bed03f196 ---
@cmdianaayalanyc Deputy Speaker of the New York City Council proudly representing District 8. PBNYC - Cast Your Ballot Know Your Rights Know Your Rights: Federal Immigration Enforcement (ICE) - MOIA Visit our City Council page. Sign up for our Newsletter! Resources:

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/LegislationDetail.aspx?ID=5995863&GUID=4F0FC024-E228-4E8D-809B-12A8007C4DA4&Options=Advanced&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Reports File #: Int 0878-2023 Version: * A Name: Prohibiting the department of social services from requiring an applicant for a rental assistance voucher to have resided or reside in a shelter of any type. Type: Introduction Status: Enacted Committee: Committee on General Welfare On agenda: 1/19/2023 Enactment date: 7/13/2023 Law number: 2023/100 Title: A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to prohibiting the department of social services from requiring an applicant for a rental assistance voucher to have resided or reside in a shelter of any type, and to repeal sections 21-145.1 and 21-145.2 of such code in relation thereto Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Pierina Ana Sanchez , Erik D. Bottcher , Julie Won , Public Advocate Jumaane Williams , Shahana K. Hanif , Tiffany Cabán , Farah N. Louis , Althea V.  Stevens , Crystal Hudson , Lincoln Restler , Sandra Ung , Shaun Abreu , Selvena N. Brooks-Powers , Justin L. Brannan , Marjorie Velázquez , Carmen N. De La Rosa , Gale A. Brewer , Chi A. Ossé , Mercedes Narcisse , Alexa Avilés , Nantasha M. Williams , Christopher Marte , Kristin Richardson Jordan , Lynn C. Schulman , Amanda Farías , Jennifer Gutiérrez , Rita C. Joseph , Sandy Nurse , Keith Powers , James F. Gennaro , Shekar Krishnan , Carlina Rivera , Charles Barron , Darlene Mealy , Oswald Feliz , Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Council Member Sponsors: 37 Summary: This bill would prohibit the department of social services from requiring an applicant for a rental assistance voucher to have resided or reside in a shelter of any type and repeals section 21-145.1 and 21-145.2 of the administrative code of the city of New York. Indexes: Agency Rule-making Required Attachments: 1. Summary of Int. No. 878-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 878 , 3. Int. No. 878 , 4. Committee Report 1/18/23 , 5. Hearing Testimony 1/18/23 , 6. Hearing Transcript 1/18/23 , 7. January 19, 2023 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 8. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 1-19-23 , 9. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - January 19, 2023 , 10. Proposed Int. No. 878-A - 5/23/23 , 11. Committee Report 5/24/23 , 12. Hearing Transcript 5/24/23 , 13. May 25, 2023 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 14. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  5-25-23 , 15. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - May 25, 2023 , 16. Mayor's Veto Transmittal Cover Letter , 17. Veto Message - Int. No. 878-A , 18. Committee Report 7/13/23 , 19. Hearing Testimony 7/13/23 , 20. Hearing Transcript 7/13/23 , 21. Committee Report - Stated Meeting , 22. July 13, 2023 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 23. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  7-13-23 , 24. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - July 13, 2023 , 25. Int. No. 878-A  (FINAL) , 26. Fiscal Impact Statement , 27. Local Law 100 , 28. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor History (14) Text 14 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 7/13/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Overridden by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 7/13/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 7/13/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 6/23/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Mayor Vetoed by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 5/25/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 5/25/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 5/24/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 5/24/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 5/24/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Amended by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 5/24/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 1/19/2023 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 1/19/2023 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 1/18/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 1/18/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare P-C Item Laid Over by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available Int. No. 878-A By Council Members Ayala, Sanchez, Bottcher, Won, the Public Advocate (Mr. Williams), Hanif, Cabán, Louis, Stevens, Hudson, Restler, Ung, Abreu, Brooks-Powers, Brannan, Velázquez, De La Rosa, Brewer, Ossé, Narcisse, Avilés, Williams, Marte, Richardson Jordan, Schulman, Farías, Gutiérrez, Joseph, Nurse, Powers, Gennaro, Krishnan, Rivera, Barron, Mealy, Feliz and Salamanca A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to prohibiting the department of social services from requiring an applicant for a rental assistance voucher to have resided or reside in a shelter of any type, and to repeal sections 21-145.1 and 21-145.2 of such code in relation thereto Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Section 1. Section 21-145 of the administrative code of the city of New York, as added by local law number 71 for the year 2021, is amended to read as follows: § 21-145 Use of rental assistance vouchers. a. Definitions. For [the] purposes of this section, the following terms have the following meanings: Applicant. The term “applicant” means an individual or family applying for a rental assistance voucher. Drop-in center. The term “drop-in center” means a facility operated by the department of homeless services or a provider under contract or similar agreement with such department that provides single adults with hot meals, showers, laundry facilities, clothing, medical care, recreational space, employment referrals, or housing placement services, but not overnight housing. Experiencing homelessness. The term “experiencing homelessness” means: (i) residing in a city-administered shelter; (ii) working with a department of homeless services or department of youth and community development outreach team while receiving services in a safe haven, stabilization bed, drop-in center, or runaway and homeless youth services; or (iii) receiving case management services from a provider under contract with the department of homeless services. FHEPS. The term “FHEPS” means the family homelessness and eviction prevention supplement program described in section 131-bb of the social services law. Homeless young adult. The term “homeless young adult” has the same meaning as provided in section 532-a of the executive law. Homeless youth. The term “homeless youth” has the same meaning as provided in section 532-a of the executive law and includes homeless young adults. Household. The term “household” means an individual or family in receipt of [CityFHEPS or any successor program] a rental assistance voucher. Household at risk of eviction. The term “household at risk of eviction” means an individual or family that has received: (i) a written demand for rent payment or a predicate holdover notice pursuant to sections 711 or 713 of the real property actions and proceedings law; or (ii) a notice of non-renewal of residential tenancy pursuant to section 226-c of the real property law. Household rent contribution. The term “household rent contribution” means the percent of income that a household in receipt of a rental assistance voucher contributes toward the rent of an apartment or a single room occupancy. Income eligible. The term “income eligible” means an applicant: (i) whose total gross income does not exceed 50 percent of the area median income, as defined by the federal department of housing and urban development; (ii) who, if eligible, has applied for public assistance and, if approved for such assistance, is in receipt of such assistance; (iii) who is in compliance with public assistance requirements, if applicable; (iv) who has applied for and accepted any federal or state housing benefits for which such applicant is eligible, including section 8 or the rental assistance program described in chapter 9 of title 68 of the rules of the city of New York, regarding the human resources administration home tenant-based rental assistance program, or a successor provision; (v) who is ineligible for FHEPS; and (vi) who has not previously received a rental assistance voucher, except an applicant who meets the requirements of subdivision (d) of section 10-08 of title 68 of the rules of the city of New York, regarding restoration of rental assistance vouchers for certain households, or a successor provision. Maximum rental allowances. The term “maximum rental allowances” means the maximum rent toward which rental assistance vouchers may be applied. Public assistance. The term “public assistance” means benefits, including, but not limited to, monthly grants and shelter allowances issued under the family assistance program pursuant to section 349 of the social services law or the safety net assistance program pursuant to section 159 of the social services law. Rental assistance voucher. The term “rental assistance voucher” means [any city-initiated rental housing subsidy for homeless families and individuals.] rent payments made pursuant to chapter 10 of title 68 of the rules of the city of New York or any other city-initiated rental housing subsidy for households at risk of eviction or families and individuals residing in shelter. Runaway youth. The term “runaway youth” has the same meaning as provided in section 532-a of the executive law. Runaway and homeless youth services. The term “runaway and homeless youth services” has the same meaning as provided in section 21-401. Safe haven. The term “safe haven” means a facility operated by the department of homeless services or a provider under contract or similar agreement with such department that provides low-threshold, harm-reduction housing to chronic street homeless individuals, who are referred to such facilities through a department of homeless services outreach program, without the obligation of entering into other supportive and rehabilitative services in order to reduce barrier to temporary housing. Section 8. The term “section 8” means the housing choice voucher program administered pursuant to section 982.1 of title 24 of the code of federal regulations. Shelter. The term “shelter” means temporary emergency housing provided to homeless adults, adult families, families with children, and runaway and homeless youth by the city or a provider under contract or similar agreement with the city. Shelter allowance. The term “shelter allowance” means financial assistance provided by the department for the purposes of paying rent on an ongoing basis in accordance with section 131-a of the social services law. Stabilization beds. The term “stabilization bed” means city-administered facilities that provide a short-term housing option for an individual experiencing homelessness while such individual works with a department of homeless services outreach team to locate a more permanent housing option. Utility allowance. The term “utility allowance” means a monthly allowance for utility services, excluding cable, internet, and telephone services, paid by a subsidized housing tenant. b. Eligibility. 1. Subject to [the] appropriation, a household [or individual] will continue to receive additional annual renewals of their vouchers after their fifth year in the CityFHEPS rental assistance program established pursuant to chapter 10 of title 68 of the rules of the city of New York, or a successor program, if they continue to meet the requirements set forth in [title 68 chapter] section 10-08 of title 68 the rules of the city of New York , regarding renewals and restorations of CityFHEPS, or a successor provision . 2. The department shall not require an applicant to have resided or reside in a shelter of any type. c. Maximum rental allowances. Subject to appropriation, [such] maximum rental allowances shall be set in accordance with section 982.503 of title 24 of the code of federal regulations , regarding voucher payment standard amounts, or a successor provision . § 2. Section 21-145.1 of the administrative code of the city of New York is REPEALED. § 3. Section 21-145.2 of the administrative code of the city of New York is REPEALED. § 4. This local law takes effect 180 days after it becomes law, except that the commissioner of social services shall take such measures as necessary for the implementation of this local law, including the promulgation of rules, before such date. ACK/DR LS #4023/8955/9192/10504/10538/10579/10706/10948 5/17/23 6:59pm Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text) Details Details Details Details Reports Reports Reports Reports File #: File #: Int 0878-2023 Version: * A Int 0878-2023 Version: Name: Name: Prohibiting the department of social services from requiring an applicant for a rental assistance voucher to have resided or reside in a shelter of any type. Prohibiting the department of social services from requiring an applicant for a rental assistance voucher to have resided or reside in a shelter of any type. Type: Type: Introduction Introduction Status: Status: Enacted Enacted   Committee: Committee: Committee on General Welfare On agenda: On agenda: 1/19/2023 1/19/2023   Enactment date: Enactment date: 7/13/2023 7/13/2023 Law number: Law number: 2023/100 2023/100 Title: Title: A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to prohibiting the department of social services from requiring an applicant for a rental assistance voucher to have resided or reside in a shelter of any type, and to repeal sections 21-145.1 and 21-145.2 of such code in relation thereto A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to prohibiting the department of social services from requiring an applicant for a rental assistance voucher to have resided or reside in a shelter of any type, and to repeal sections 21-145.1 and 21-145.2 of such code in relation thereto Sponsors: Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Pierina Ana Sanchez , Erik D. Bottcher , Julie Won , Public Advocate Jumaane Williams , Shahana K. Hanif , Tiffany Cabán , Farah N. Louis , Althea V.  Stevens , Crystal Hudson , Lincoln Restler , Sandra Ung , Shaun Abreu , Selvena N. Brooks-Powers , Justin L. Brannan , Marjorie Velázquez , Carmen N. De La Rosa , Gale A. Brewer , Chi A. Ossé , Mercedes Narcisse , Alexa Avilés , Nantasha M. Williams , Christopher Marte , Kristin Richardson Jordan , Lynn C. Schulman , Amanda Farías , Jennifer Gutiérrez , Rita C. Joseph , Sandy Nurse , Keith Powers , James F. Gennaro , Shekar Krishnan , Carlina Rivera , Charles Barron , Darlene Mealy , Oswald Feliz , Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Diana I. Ayala , Pierina Ana Sanchez , Erik D. Bottcher , Julie Won , Public Advocate Jumaane Williams , Shahana K. Hanif , Tiffany Cabán , Farah N. Louis , Althea V.  Stevens , Crystal Hudson , Lincoln Restler , Sandra Ung , Shaun Abreu , Selvena N. Brooks-Powers , Justin L. Brannan , Marjorie Velázquez , Carmen N. De La Rosa , Gale A. Brewer , Chi A. Ossé , Mercedes Narcisse , Alexa Avilés , Nantasha M. Williams , Christopher Marte , Kristin Richardson Jordan , Lynn C. Schulman , Amanda Farías , Jennifer Gutiérrez , Rita C. Joseph , Sandy Nurse , Keith Powers , James F. Gennaro , Shekar Krishnan , Carlina Rivera , Charles Barron , Darlene Mealy , Oswald Feliz , Rafael Salamanca, Jr. Council Member Sponsors: Council Member Sponsors: 37 37 Summary: Summary: This bill would prohibit the department of social services from requiring an applicant for a rental assistance voucher to have resided or reside in a shelter of any type and repeals section 21-145.1 and 21-145.2 of the administrative code of the city of New York. This bill would prohibit the department of social services from requiring an applicant for a rental assistance voucher to have resided or reside in a shelter of any type and repeals section 21-145.1 and 21-145.2 of the administrative code of the city of New York. Indexes: Indexes: Agency Rule-making Required Agency Rule-making Required Attachments: Attachments: 1. Summary of Int. No. 878-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 878 , 3. Int. No. 878 , 4. Committee Report 1/18/23 , 5. Hearing Testimony 1/18/23 , 6. Hearing Transcript 1/18/23 , 7. January 19, 2023 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 8. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 1-19-23 , 9. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - January 19, 2023 , 10. Proposed Int. No. 878-A - 5/23/23 , 11. Committee Report 5/24/23 , 12. Hearing Transcript 5/24/23 , 13. May 25, 2023 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 14. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  5-25-23 , 15. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - May 25, 2023 , 16. Mayor's Veto Transmittal Cover Letter , 17. Veto Message - Int. No. 878-A , 18. Committee Report 7/13/23 , 19. Hearing Testimony 7/13/23 , 20. Hearing Transcript 7/13/23 , 21. Committee Report - Stated Meeting , 22. July 13, 2023 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 23. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  7-13-23 , 24. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - July 13, 2023 , 25. Int. No. 878-A  (FINAL) , 26. Fiscal Impact Statement , 27. Local Law 100 , 28. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor 1. Summary of Int. No. 878-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 878 , 3. Int. No. 878 , 4. Committee Report 1/18/23 , 5. Hearing Testimony 1/18/23 , 6. Hearing Transcript 1/18/23 , 7. January 19, 2023 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 8. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 1-19-23 , 9. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - January 19, 2023 , 10. Proposed Int. No. 878-A - 5/23/23 , 11. Committee Report 5/24/23 , 12. Hearing Transcript 5/24/23 , 13. May 25, 2023 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 14. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  5-25-23 , 15. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - May 25, 2023 , 16. Mayor's Veto Transmittal Cover Letter , 17. Veto Message - Int. No. 878-A , 18. Committee Report 7/13/23 , 19. Hearing Testimony 7/13/23 , 20. Hearing Transcript 7/13/23 , 21. Committee Report - Stated Meeting , 22. July 13, 2023 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 23. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  7-13-23 , 24. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - July 13, 2023 , 25. Int. No. 878-A  (FINAL) , 26. Fiscal Impact Statement , 27. Local Law 100 , 28. Legislative Documents - Letter to the Mayor History (14) History (14) History (14) History (14) Text Text Text Text 14 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 14 records 14 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Date Group by Action By Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 7/13/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Overridden by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 7/13/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 7/13/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 6/23/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Mayor Vetoed by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 5/25/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 5/25/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 5/24/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 5/24/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 5/24/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Amended by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 5/24/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 1/19/2023 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 1/19/2023 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 1/18/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 1/18/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare P-C Item Laid Over by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 7/13/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Overridden by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 7/13/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 7/13/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/23/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Mayor Vetoed by Mayor  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 5/25/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 5/25/2023 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 5/24/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 5/24/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 5/24/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Amended by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 5/24/2023 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 1/19/2023 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 1/19/2023 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 1/18/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Hearing on P-C Item by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 1/18/2023 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare P-C Item Laid Over by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available Int. No. 878-A Int. No. 878-A   By Council Members Ayala, Sanchez, Bottcher, Won, the Public Advocate (Mr. Williams), Hanif, Cabán, Louis, Stevens, Hudson, Restler, Ung, Abreu, Brooks-Powers, Brannan, Velázquez, De La Rosa, Brewer, Ossé, Narcisse, Avilés, Williams, Marte, Richardson Jordan, Schulman, Farías, Gutiérrez, Joseph, Nurse, Powers, Gennaro, Krishnan, Rivera, Barron, Mealy, Feliz and Salamanca By Council Members Ayala, Sanchez, Bottcher, Won, the Public Advocate (Mr. Williams), Hanif, Cabán, Louis, Stevens, Hudson, Restler, Ung, Abreu, Brooks-Powers, Brannan, Velázquez, De La Rosa, Brewer, Ossé, Narcisse, Avilés, Williams, Marte, Richardson Jordan, Schulman, Farías, Gutiérrez, Joseph, Nurse, Powers, Gennaro, Krishnan, Rivera, Barron, Mealy, Feliz and Salamanca   A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to prohibiting the department of social services from requiring an applicant for a rental assistance voucher to have resided or reside in a shelter of any type, and to repeal sections 21-145.1 and 21-145.2 of such code in relation thereto A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to prohibiting the department of social services from requiring an applicant for a rental assistance voucher to have resided or reside in a shelter of any type, and to repeal sections 21-145.1 and 21-145.2 of such code in relation thereto   Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Be it enacted by the Council as follows:   Section 1. Section 21-145 of the administrative code of the city of New York, as added by local law number 71 for the year 2021, is amended to read as follows: Section 1. Section 21-145 of the administrative code of the city of New York, as added by local law number 71 for the year 2021, is amended to read as follows: § 21-145 Use of rental assistance vouchers. a. Definitions. For [the] purposes of this section, the following terms have the following meanings: § 21-145 Use of rental assistance vouchers. a. Definitions. For [the] purposes of this section, the following terms have the following meanings: Applicant. The term “applicant” means an individual or family applying for a rental assistance voucher. Applicant. The term “applicant” means an individual or family applying for a rental assistance voucher. Drop-in center. The term “drop-in center” means a facility operated by the department of homeless services or a provider under contract or similar agreement with such department that provides single adults with hot meals, showers, laundry facilities, clothing, medical care, recreational space, employment referrals, or housing placement services, but not overnight housing. Drop-in center. The term “drop-in center” means a facility operated by the department of homeless services or a provider under contract or similar agreement with such department that provides single adults with hot meals, showers, laundry facilities, clothing, medical care, recreational space, employment referrals, or housing placement services, but not overnight housing. Experiencing homelessness. The term “experiencing homelessness” means: (i) residing in a city-administered shelter; (ii) working with a department of homeless services or department of youth and community development outreach team while receiving services in a safe haven, stabilization bed, drop-in center, or runaway and homeless youth services; or (iii) receiving case management services from a provider under contract with the department of homeless services. Experiencing homelessness. The term “experiencing homelessness” means: (i) residing in a city-administered shelter; (ii) working with a department of homeless services or department of youth and community development outreach team while receiving services in a safe haven, stabilization bed, drop-in center, or runaway and homeless youth services; or (iii) receiving case management services from a provider under contract with the department of homeless services. FHEPS. The term “FHEPS” means the family homelessness and eviction prevention supplement program described in section 131-bb of the social services law. FHEPS. The term “FHEPS” means the family homelessness and eviction prevention supplement program described in section 131-bb of the social services law. Homeless young adult. The term “homeless young adult” has the same meaning as provided in section 532-a of the executive law. Homeless young adult. The term “homeless young adult” has the same meaning as provided in section 532-a of the executive law. Homeless youth. The term “homeless youth” has the same meaning as provided in section 532-a of the executive law and includes homeless young adults. Homeless youth. The term “homeless youth” has the same meaning as provided in section 532-a of the executive law and includes homeless young adults. Household. The term “household” means an individual or family in receipt of [CityFHEPS or any successor program] a rental assistance voucher. Household. The term “household” means an individual or family in receipt of [CityFHEPS or any successor program] a rental assistance voucher. Household at risk of eviction. The term “household at risk of eviction” means an individual or family that has received: (i) a written demand for rent payment or a predicate holdover notice pursuant to sections 711 or 713 of the real property actions and proceedings law; or (ii) a notice of non-renewal of residential tenancy pursuant to section 226-c of the real property law. Household at risk of eviction. The term “household at risk of eviction” means an individual or family that has received: (i) a written demand for rent payment or a predicate holdover notice pursuant to sections 711 or 713 of the real property actions and proceedings law; or (ii) a notice of non-renewal of residential tenancy pursuant to section 226-c of the real property law. Household rent contribution. The term “household rent contribution” means the percent of income that a household in receipt of a rental assistance voucher contributes toward the rent of an apartment or a single room occupancy. Household rent contribution. The term “household rent contribution” means the percent of income that a household in receipt of a rental assistance voucher contributes toward the rent of an apartment or a single room occupancy. Income eligible. The term “income eligible” means an applicant: (i) whose total gross income does not exceed 50 percent of the area median income, as defined by the federal department of housing and urban development; (ii) who, if eligible, has applied for public assistance and, if approved for such assistance, is in receipt of such assistance; (iii) who is in compliance with public assistance requirements, if applicable; (iv) who has applied for and accepted any federal or state housing benefits for which such applicant is eligible, including section 8 or the rental assistance program described in chapter 9 of title 68 of the rules of the city of New York, regarding the human resources administration home tenant-based rental assistance program, or a successor provision; (v) who is ineligible for FHEPS; and (vi) who has not previously received a rental assistance voucher, except an applicant who meets the requirements of subdivision (d) of section 10-08 of title 68 of the rules of the city of New York, regarding restoration of rental assistance vouchers for certain households, or a successor provision. Income eligible. The term “income eligible” means an applicant: (i) whose total gross income does not exceed 50 percent of the area median income, as defined by the federal department of housing and urban development; (ii) who, if eligible, has applied for public assistance and, if approved for such assistance, is in receipt of such assistance; (iii) who is in compliance with public assistance requirements, if applicable; (iv) who has applied for and accepted any federal or state housing benefits for which such applicant is eligible, including section 8 or the rental assistance program described in chapter 9 of title 68 of the rules of the city of New York, regarding the human resources administration home tenant-based rental assistance program, or a successor provision; (v) who is ineligible for FHEPS; and (vi) who has not previously received a rental assistance voucher, except an applicant who meets the requirements of subdivision (d) of section 10-08 of title 68 of the rules of the city of New York, regarding restoration of rental assistance vouchers for certain households, or a successor provision. Maximum rental allowances. The term “maximum rental allowances” means the maximum rent toward which rental assistance vouchers may be applied. Maximum rental allowances. The term “maximum rental allowances” means the maximum rent toward which rental assistance vouchers may be applied. Public assistance. The term “public assistance” means benefits, including, but not limited to, monthly grants and shelter allowances issued under the family assistance program pursuant to section 349 of the social services law or the safety net assistance program pursuant to section 159 of the social services law. Public assistance. The term “public assistance” means benefits, including, but not limited to, monthly grants and shelter allowances issued under the family assistance program pursuant to section 349 of the social services law or the safety net assistance program pursuant to section 159 of the social services law. Rental assistance voucher. The term “rental assistance voucher” means [any city-initiated rental housing subsidy for homeless families and individuals.] rent payments made pursuant to chapter 10 of title 68 of the rules of the city of New York or any other city-initiated rental housing subsidy for households at risk of eviction or families and individuals residing in shelter. Rental assistance voucher. The term “rental assistance voucher” means [any city-initiated rental housing subsidy for homeless families and individuals.] rent payments made pursuant to chapter 10 of title 68 of the rules of the city of New York or any other city-initiated rental housing subsidy for households at risk of eviction or families and individuals residing in shelter. Runaway youth. The term “runaway youth” has the same meaning as provided in section 532-a of the executive law. Runaway youth. The term “runaway youth” has the same meaning as provided in section 532-a of the executive law. Runaway and homeless youth services. The term “runaway and homeless youth services” has the same meaning as provided in section 21-401. Runaway and homeless youth services. The term “runaway and homeless youth services” has the same meaning as provided in section 21-401. Safe haven. The term “safe haven” means a facility operated by the department of homeless services or a provider under contract or similar agreement with such department that provides low-threshold, harm-reduction housing to chronic street homeless individuals, who are referred to such facilities through a department of homeless services outreach program, without the obligation of entering into other supportive and rehabilitative services in order to reduce barrier to temporary housing. Safe haven. The term “safe haven” means a facility operated by the department of homeless services or a provider under contract or similar agreement with such department that provides low-threshold, harm-reduction housing to chronic street homeless individuals, who are referred to such facilities through a department of homeless services outreach program, without the obligation of entering into other supportive and rehabilitative services in order to reduce barrier to temporary housing. Section 8. The term “section 8” means the housing choice voucher program administered pursuant to section 982.1 of title 24 of the code of federal regulations. Section 8. The term “section 8” means the housing choice voucher program administered pursuant to section 982.1 of title 24 of the code of federal regulations. Shelter. The term “shelter” means temporary emergency housing provided to homeless adults, adult families, families with children, and runaway and homeless youth by the city or a provider under contract or similar agreement with the city. Shelter. The term “shelter” means temporary emergency housing provided to homeless adults, adult families, families with children, and runaway and homeless youth by the city or a provider under contract or similar agreement with the city. Shelter allowance. The term “shelter allowance” means financial assistance provided by the department for the purposes of paying rent on an ongoing basis in accordance with section 131-a of the social services law. Shelter allowance. The term “shelter allowance” means financial assistance provided by the department for the purposes of paying rent on an ongoing basis in accordance with section 131-a of the social services law. Stabilization beds. The term “stabilization bed” means city-administered facilities that provide a short-term housing option for an individual experiencing homelessness while such individual works with a department of homeless services outreach team to locate a more permanent housing option. Stabilization beds. The term “stabilization bed” means city-administered facilities that provide a short-term housing option for an individual experiencing homelessness while such individual works with a department of homeless services outreach team to locate a more permanent housing option. Utility allowance. The term “utility allowance” means a monthly allowance for utility services, excluding cable, internet, and telephone services, paid by a subsidized housing tenant. Utility allowance. The term “utility allowance” means a monthly allowance for utility services, excluding cable, internet, and telephone services, paid by a subsidized housing tenant. b. Eligibility. 1. Subject to [the] appropriation, a household [or individual] will continue to receive additional annual renewals of their vouchers after their fifth year in the CityFHEPS rental assistance program established pursuant to chapter 10 of title 68 of the rules of the city of New York, or a successor program, if they continue to meet the requirements set forth in [title 68 chapter] section 10-08 of title 68 the rules of the city of New York , regarding renewals and restorations of CityFHEPS, or a successor provision . b. Eligibility. 1. Subject to [the] appropriation, a household [or individual] will continue to receive additional annual renewals of their vouchers after their fifth year in the CityFHEPS rental assistance program established pursuant to chapter 10 of title 68 of the rules of the city of New York, or a successor program, if they continue to meet the requirements set forth in [title 68 chapter] section 10-08 of title 68 the rules of the city of New York , regarding renewals and restorations of CityFHEPS, or a successor provision . 2. The department shall not require an applicant to have resided or reside in a shelter of any type. 2. The department shall not require an applicant to have resided or reside in a shelter of any type. c. Maximum rental allowances. Subject to appropriation, [such] maximum rental allowances shall be set in accordance with section 982.503 of title 24 of the code of federal regulations , regarding voucher payment standard amounts, or a successor provision . c. Maximum rental allowances. Subject to appropriation, [such] maximum rental allowances shall be set in accordance with section 982.503 of title 24 of the code of federal regulations , regarding voucher payment standard amounts, or a successor provision . § 2. Section 21-145.1 of the administrative code of the city of New York is REPEALED. § 2. Section 21-145.1 of the administrative code of the city of New York is REPEALED. § 3. Section 21-145.2 of the administrative code of the city of New York is REPEALED. § 3. Section 21-145.2 of the administrative code of the city of New York is REPEALED. § 4. This local law takes effect 180 days after it becomes law, except that the commissioner of social services shall take such measures as necessary for the implementation of this local law, including the promulgation of rules, before such date. § 4. This local law takes effect 180 days after it becomes law, except that the commissioner of social services shall take such measures as necessary for the implementation of this local law, including the promulgation of rules, before such date.           ACK/DR ACK/DR LS #4023/8955/9192/10504/10538/10579/10706/10948 LS #4023/8955/9192/10504/10538/10579/10706/10948 5/17/23 6:59pm 5/17/23 6:59pm Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text)

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov/LegislationDetail.aspx?ID=3350742&GUID=74ABC6F7-CBD7-4C79-8709-B889DED81A43&Options=Advanced&Search= ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## Details Reports File #: Int 0615-2018 Version: * A Name: Syringe exchange programs. Type: Introduction Status: Enacted Committee: Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction On agenda: 3/7/2018 Enactment date: 6/26/2018 Law number: 2018/124 Title: A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to syringe exchange programs Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Antonio Reynoso , Alicka Ampry-Samuel , Robert F. Holden , Robert E. Cornegy, Jr. , Stephen T. Levin , Ben Kallos , Carlina Rivera Council Member Sponsors: 8 Summary: This bill would require the Department of Health and Mental Hygiene (DOHMH) to provide opioid overdose reversal drugs, such as naloxone, to all syringe exchange programs operating in the City. It would also require DOHMH to ensure that all syringe exchange staff members were properly trained in overdose prevention and reversal. Attachments: 1. Summary of Int. No. 615-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 615 , 3. Int. No. 615 , 4. Committee Report 2/27/18 , 5. Hearing Testimony 2/27/18 , 6. Hearing Testimony 2/27/18 (Con't) , 7. Hearing Transcript 2/27/18 , 8. March 7, 2018 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 9. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 03-07-18 , 10. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - March 7, 2018 , 11. Proposed Int. No. 615-A - 6/1/18 , 12. Committee Report 6/5/18 , 13. Hearing Transcript 6/5/18 , 14. June 7, 2018 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 15. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  6-7-18 , 16. Minutes of the Recessed Stated Meeting - June 7, 2018 , 17. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 7, 2018 , 18. Int. No. 615-A (FINAL) , 19. Fiscal Impact Statement , 20. Mayor's Letter , 21. Local Law 124 History (15) Text 15 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 6/27/2018 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Recved from Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/26/2018 A Diana I. Ayala Mayor Hearing Held by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 6/26/2018 A Diana I. Ayala Mayor Signed Into Law by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 6/7/2018 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/7/2018 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 6/5/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 6/5/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 6/5/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Amended by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 6/5/2018 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 3/7/2018 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 3/7/2018 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 2/27/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare P-C Item Laid Over by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 2/27/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 2/27/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction P-C Item Laid Over by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 2/27/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available Int. No. 615-A By Council Members Ayala, Reynoso, Ampry-Samuel, Holden, Cornegy, Levin, Kallos and Rivera A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to syringe exchange programs Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Section 1. Section 17-180.1 of the administrative code of the city of New York, as added by a local law amending the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to overdose prevention and reversal training, as proposed in introduction number 668-A for the year 2018, is amended to add subdivisions d, e and f to read as follows: d. For as long as the department determines there is an urgent public health need, the department shall provide opioid antagonists to all syringe exchange programs operating within the city. e. The department shall require that the staff at all syringe exchange programs operating in the city receive overdose prevention and reversal training. Such training shall teach staff: 1. How to recognize an opioid overdose; and 2. How to properly administer common opioid antagonists to reverse an opioid overdose. f. Thirty days prior to the department’s determination that there is no longer an urgent public heath need, pursuant to subdivisions b, c and d of this section, the department shall submit a report to the speaker of the council detailing the reasons for such determination. § 2. This local law takes effect on the same date that a local law amending the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to overdose prevention and reversal training, as proposed in introduction number 668-A for the year 2018, takes effect. SSY LS # 5749 5/30/2018 7:10 pm Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text) Details Details Details Details Reports Reports Reports Reports File #: File #: Int 0615-2018 Version: * A Int 0615-2018 Version: Name: Name: Syringe exchange programs. Syringe exchange programs. Type: Type: Introduction Introduction Status: Status: Enacted Enacted   Committee: Committee: Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction On agenda: On agenda: 3/7/2018 3/7/2018   Enactment date: Enactment date: 6/26/2018 6/26/2018 Law number: Law number: 2018/124 2018/124 Title: Title: A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to syringe exchange programs A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to syringe exchange programs Sponsors: Sponsors: Diana I. Ayala , Antonio Reynoso , Alicka Ampry-Samuel , Robert F. Holden , Robert E. Cornegy, Jr. , Stephen T. Levin , Ben Kallos , Carlina Rivera Diana I. Ayala , Antonio Reynoso , Alicka Ampry-Samuel , Robert F. Holden , Robert E. Cornegy, Jr. , Stephen T. Levin , Ben Kallos , Carlina Rivera Council Member Sponsors: Council Member Sponsors: 8 8 Summary: Summary: This bill would require the Department of Health and Mental Hygiene (DOHMH) to provide opioid overdose reversal drugs, such as naloxone, to all syringe exchange programs operating in the City. It would also require DOHMH to ensure that all syringe exchange staff members were properly trained in overdose prevention and reversal. This bill would require the Department of Health and Mental Hygiene (DOHMH) to provide opioid overdose reversal drugs, such as naloxone, to all syringe exchange programs operating in the City. It would also require DOHMH to ensure that all syringe exchange staff members were properly trained in overdose prevention and reversal. Attachments: Attachments: 1. Summary of Int. No. 615-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 615 , 3. Int. No. 615 , 4. Committee Report 2/27/18 , 5. Hearing Testimony 2/27/18 , 6. Hearing Testimony 2/27/18 (Con't) , 7. Hearing Transcript 2/27/18 , 8. March 7, 2018 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 9. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 03-07-18 , 10. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - March 7, 2018 , 11. Proposed Int. No. 615-A - 6/1/18 , 12. Committee Report 6/5/18 , 13. Hearing Transcript 6/5/18 , 14. June 7, 2018 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 15. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  6-7-18 , 16. Minutes of the Recessed Stated Meeting - June 7, 2018 , 17. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 7, 2018 , 18. Int. No. 615-A (FINAL) , 19. Fiscal Impact Statement , 20. Mayor's Letter , 21. Local Law 124 1. Summary of Int. No. 615-A , 2. Summary of Int. No. 615 , 3. Int. No. 615 , 4. Committee Report 2/27/18 , 5. Hearing Testimony 2/27/18 , 6. Hearing Testimony 2/27/18 (Con't) , 7. Hearing Transcript 2/27/18 , 8. March 7, 2018 - Stated Meeting Agenda , 9. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting 03-07-18 , 10. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - March 7, 2018 , 11. Proposed Int. No. 615-A - 6/1/18 , 12. Committee Report 6/5/18 , 13. Hearing Transcript 6/5/18 , 14. June 7, 2018 - Stated Meeting Agenda with Links to Files , 15. Hearing Transcript - Stated Meeting  6-7-18 , 16. Minutes of the Recessed Stated Meeting - June 7, 2018 , 17. Minutes of the Stated Meeting - June 7, 2018 , 18. Int. No. 615-A (FINAL) , 19. Fiscal Impact Statement , 20. Mayor's Letter , 21. Local Law 124 History (15) History (15) History (15) History (15) Text Text Text Text 15 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 15 records 15 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Action By Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Date Group by Date Group by Action By Group by Action By Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Date Ver. Prime Sponsor Action By Action Result Action Details Meeting Details Multimedia 6/27/2018 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Recved from Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/26/2018 A Diana I. Ayala Mayor Hearing Held by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 6/26/2018 A Diana I. Ayala Mayor Signed Into Law by Mayor Action details Meeting details Not available 6/7/2018 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 6/7/2018 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 6/5/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Hearing Held by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 6/5/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Amendment Proposed by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 6/5/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Amended by Committee Action details Meeting details Not available 6/5/2018 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available 3/7/2018 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 3/7/2018 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council Action details Meeting details Not available 2/27/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare P-C Item Laid Over by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 2/27/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 2/27/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction P-C Item Laid Over by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 2/27/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Hearing on P-C Item by Comm Action details Meeting details Not available 6/27/2018 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Recved from Mayor by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/26/2018 A Diana I. Ayala Mayor Hearing Held by Mayor  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/26/2018 A Diana I. Ayala Mayor Signed Into Law by Mayor  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/7/2018 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Sent to Mayor by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/7/2018 A Diana I. Ayala City Council Approved by Council Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/5/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Hearing Held by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/5/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Amendment Proposed by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/5/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Amended by Committee  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 6/5/2018 A Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Approved by Committee Pass Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 3/7/2018 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Referred to Comm by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 3/7/2018 * Diana I. Ayala City Council Introduced by Council  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 2/27/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare P-C Item Laid Over by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 2/27/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on General Welfare Hearing on P-C Item by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 2/27/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction P-C Item Laid Over by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available 2/27/2018 * Diana I. Ayala Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Hearing on P-C Item by Comm  Action details Meeting details Not available Not available Int. No. 615-A Int. No. 615-A   By Council Members Ayala, Reynoso, Ampry-Samuel, Holden, Cornegy, Levin, Kallos and Rivera By Council Members Ayala, Reynoso, Ampry-Samuel, Holden, Cornegy, Levin, Kallos and Rivera   A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to syringe exchange programs A Local Law to amend the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to syringe exchange programs   Be it enacted by the Council as follows: Be it enacted by the Council as follows:   Section 1. Section 17-180.1 of the administrative code of the city of New York, as added by a local law amending the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to overdose prevention and reversal training, as proposed in introduction number 668-A for the year 2018, is amended to add subdivisions d, e and f to read as follows: Section 1. Section 17-180.1 of the administrative code of the city of New York, as added by a local law amending the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to overdose prevention and reversal training, as proposed in introduction number 668-A for the year 2018, is amended to add subdivisions d, e and f to read as follows: d. For as long as the department determines there is an urgent public health need, the department shall provide opioid antagonists to all syringe exchange programs operating within the city.  d. For as long as the department determines there is an urgent public health need, the department shall provide opioid antagonists to all syringe exchange programs operating within the city. e. The department shall require that the staff at all syringe exchange programs operating in the city receive overdose prevention and reversal training. Such training shall teach staff: e. The department shall require that the staff at all syringe exchange programs operating in the city receive overdose prevention and reversal training. Such training shall teach staff: 1. How to recognize an opioid overdose; and 1. How to recognize an opioid overdose; and 2. How to properly administer common opioid antagonists to reverse an opioid overdose. 2. How to properly administer common opioid antagonists to reverse an opioid overdose. f. Thirty days prior to the department’s determination that there is no longer an urgent public heath need, pursuant to subdivisions b, c and d of this section, the department shall submit a report to the speaker of the council detailing the reasons for such determination. f. Thirty days prior to the department’s determination that there is no longer an urgent public heath need, pursuant to subdivisions b, c and d of this section, the department shall submit a report to the speaker of the council detailing the reasons for such determination. § 2. This local law takes effect on the same date that a local law amending the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to overdose prevention and reversal training, as proposed in introduction number 668-A for the year 2018, takes effect. § 2. This local law takes effect on the same date that a local law amending the administrative code of the city of New York, in relation to overdose prevention and reversal training, as proposed in introduction number 668-A for the year 2018, takes effect.   SSY SSY LS # 5749 LS # 5749 5/30/2018 7:10 pm 5/30/2018 7:10 pm   Legislation Text Legislation Details Legislation Details (With Text)

--- 3rd Level Page: http://webapi.legistar.com/Home/Examples ---
Home API Examples Examples These examples will help you get started with the Legistar Web API.  To use the URLs below, replace {Client} with your client name.  Some clients require use of an API Token . To see all agenda matters, the endpoint is: https://webapi.legistar.com/v1/{Client}/matters Note that queries replies are limited to 1000 responses.  Even with this limit, some calls may return a large amount of data.  To make this query more performant by limiting reults to a smaller set of items or to obtain more items via a second query, use ODATA parameters to page the output like this: https://webapi.legistar.com/v1/{Client}/matters?$top=10&$skip=0
https://webapi.legistar.com/v1/{Client}/matters?$top=10&$skip=10 ODATA can also use filters to find more specific data.  For instance, this query will return only events during the month of September, 2014: https://webapi.legistar.com/v1/{Client}/events?$filter=EventDate+ge+datetime%272014-09-01%27+and+EventDate+lt+datetime%272014-10-01%27 The basics of the ODATA URL setup are here: https://www.odata.org/documentation/odata-version-3-0/url-conventions/ The ODATA documentation does not cover all features, including the convenience method datetime’2014-09-01’ shown above. To see actions taken on a Matter (like a vote), look at the Matter Histories endpoint.  Filtering these items by MatterHistoryActionBodyName can help to limit the found actions to just those votes performed by a certain group, for instance just to votes made by the Common Council on a matter 1234: https://webapi.legistar.com/v1/{Client}/matters/1234/histories?$filter=MatterHistoryPassedFlag%20ne%20null%20and%20MatterHistoryActionBodyName%20eq%20%27Common%20Council%27 To then see the vote tally, use the returned Id (5678 in this example) with the EventItems Votes endpoint: https://webapi.legistar.com/v1/{Client}/eventitems/5678/votes There are many other items and relationships in the API.  If you have a specific use case, we’d be happy to help you find the appropriate calls. Tips http and https are both supported for GETs – please use as appropriate for your data and consumer. Items returned to GET requests are limited to those items marked as public and available for view on InSite. Limiting queries by paging and filtering will reduce both the load on the server and the time needed to return the requested data. Fields in the API do not reflect any label customization done for your specific site.  If you need help identifying a field’s relationship to your specific Legistar configuration, please ask. For an especially busy site, ordering by item IDs and paging with a filter GT (greater than) the highest returned ID in a set may be more stable.  If you find you are occasionally missing items in long list queries, this is worthwhile to investigate, but slightly more complex. Tokens Some clients require use of API tokens for access.  If the read-only operations above give an unauthorized response, please refer to that client for their token policy. If you have a token, it can be provided as a URL parameter to the https endpoint of this API. For example: https://webapi.legistar.com/v1/{Client}/matters?token=verylongbase64token © 2025 - Granicus Version: 25.2.10.0

--- 3rd Level Page: https://legistar.council.nyc.gov#2025-05-02 ---
Council Home Council Home Council Home Council Home Legislation Legislation Legislation Legislation Calendar Calendar Calendar Calendar City Council City Council City Council City Council Committees Committees Committees Committees  ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[OK]## ##LOC[Cancel]## ##LOC[Cancel]## List View List View List View List View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Calendar View Search: Search:  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year  select All Years Session 2024 to 2025 Session 2022 to 2023 Session 2018 to 2021 Session 2014 to 2017 Session 2010 to 2013 Session 2006 to 2009 Session 2004 to 2005 Session 2002 to 2003 Session 1998 to 2001 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 Last Year Last Month Last Week This Year This Month This Week Today Next Week Next Month Next Year select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive)  select All Committees Bronx Delegation of the New York City Council Brooklyn Delegation of the New York City Council City Council Committee of the Whole Committee on Aging Committee on Children and Youth Committee on Civil and Human Rights Committee on Civil Service and Labor Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Committee on Contracts Committee on Criminal Justice Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Committee on Economic Development Committee on Education Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts Committee on Finance Committee on Fire and Emergency Management Committee on General Welfare Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Committee on Health Committee on Higher Education Committee on Hospitals Committee on Housing and Buildings Committee on Immigration Committee on Land Use Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Committee on Oversight and Investigations Committee on Parks and Recreation Committee on Public Housing Committee on Public Safety Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Committee on Small Business Committee on Standards and Ethics Committee on Technology Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Veterans Committee on Women and Gender Equity Democratic Conference of the Council of the City of New York Manhattan Delegation of the New York City Council Minority (Republican) Conference of the Council of the City of New York Queens Delegation of the New York City Council Subcommittee on COVID & Infectious Diseases Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Sitings and Dispositions Subcommittee on Senior Centers and Food Insecurity Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens Charter Revision Commission 2019 (inactive) Committee on Civil Rights (inactive) Committee on Community Development (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs (inactive) Committee on Consumer Affairs and Business Licensing (inactive) Committee on Courts and Legal Services (inactive) Committee on Environmental Protection (inactive) Committee on Fire and Criminal Justice Services (inactive) Committee on For-Hire Vehicles (inactive) Committee on Governmental Operations (inactive) Committee on Justice System (inactive) Committee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Committee on Lower Manhattan Redevelopment (inactive) Committee on Mental Health, Developmental Disability, Alcoholism, Substance Abuse and Disability Services (inactive) Committee on Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Committee on Resiliency and Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on State and Federal Legislation (inactive) Committee on Technology in Government (inactive) Committee on Transportation (inactive) Committee on Waterfronts (inactive) Committee on Women's Issues (inactive) Committee on Youth Services (inactive) New York City Advisory Commission on Property Tax Reform (inactive) Parks, Recreation, Cultural Affairs, and International Intergroup Relations (inactive) Select Committee on Charter Reform (inactive) Select Committee on Community Development (inactive) Special Committee on Twin Parks Citywide Taskforce on Fire Prevention (inactive) Subcommittee on Capital Budget (inactive) Subcommittee on COVID Recovery and Resiliency (inactive) Subcommittee on Federal Affairs (inactive) Subcommittee on Immigration (inactive) Subcommittee on Juvenile Justice (inactive) Subcommittee on Landmarks, Public Siting and Maritime Uses (inactive) Subcommittee on Libraries (inactive) Subcommittee on Mental Health, Mental Retardation, Alcoholism & Drug Abuse Services (inactive) Subcommittee on Non-Public Schools (inactive) Subcommittee on Planning, Dispositions and Concessions (inactive) Subcommittee on Public Housing (inactive) Subcommittee on Revenue and Forecast (inactive) Subcommittee on Senior Centers (inactive) Task Force on Hospital Closings (inactive) Task Force on Infrastructure (inactive) Task Force on the Operations & Improvements of the Department of Buildings (inactive) notes closed captions notes closed captions  *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. *Access Provided: For questions about accessibility or to request additional accommodations please contact EEOOfficer@council.nyc.gov or (212) 788-6936 at least three (3) business days before the hearing. CLICK MEETING DETAILS TO VIEW HEARING TOPICS. Help 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word 845 records 845 records Group Clear sorting Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group Clear sorting Clear sorting Clear grouping Clear grouping Group by Name Group by Name Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Month) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Date (Year) Group by Meeting Location Group by Meeting Location Export Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to Word Export Export to Excel Export to Excel Export to PDF Export to PDF Export to Word Export to Word Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 Data pager Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . Data pager 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Page 1 of 9 , items 1 to 100 of 845 . 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 1 9 1 100 845 City Council Stated Meeting 9/25/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 9/18/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 8/14/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 7/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/30/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 6/26/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Cooling centers. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 6/11/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/29/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Public Safety. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 5/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Safety Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/28/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Immigration 5/27/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Immigration Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Criminal Justice and the Committee on Immigration. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Criminal Justice 5/27/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Criminal Justice Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Health and the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Health 5/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction and the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Health Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 5/22/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Hospitals Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/20/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Education. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 5/19/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Children and Youth Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on General Welfare. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on General Welfare 5/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - General Welfare Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 5/15/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Higher Education and the Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 5/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Higher Education Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Housing 5/14/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Public Housing Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Housing and Buildings and the Committee on Public Housing. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 5/14/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Housing and Buildings Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/13/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Parks and Recreation Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Transportation and Infrastructure Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/13/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Parks and Recreation and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Aging 5/12/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Aging Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Finance Executive Budget Hearings - Sanitation and Solid Waste Management Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Finance 5/12/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management and the Committee on Aging. Executive Budget Hearings - Finance Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 5/9/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/6/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 5/1/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Establishing exemptions for third-party food delivery services from the limits on fees charged by such services on food service establishments. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 5/1/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Wildfire mitigation strategic planning report to mitigate wildfires in parks under the jurisdiction of the department of parks and recreation. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Cultural Affairs, Libraries and International Intergroup Relations 5/1/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Education 5/1/2025   9:00 AM 9:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the department of education to report on school librarians and library access in New York city public schools. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/30/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Land Use 4/30/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor  Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Contracts 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Children and Youth. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Children and Youth 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Contracts Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Temporary Task Force on Tax Liens 4/30/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Public Meeting Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Higher Education 4/29/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Oversight - Removing Small Financial Barriers for CUNY Students. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Technology 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Housing and Buildings 4/29/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Veterans 4/28/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Public Safety 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/28/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available City Council Stated Meeting 4/24/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* New York City health care institutions to contract with industrial laundry companies that respect workers’ legal rights and adhere to area standards for wages and benefits. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/24/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Environmental Protection, Resiliency and Waterfronts 4/24/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Economic Development 4/24/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/24/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Veterans 4/23/2025   Deferred Deferred Council Chambers - City Hall Oversight - Implementing Recommendations from the City Council’s Report Card Initiative. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/23/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Sanitation and Solid Waste Management 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/23/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Land Use 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/22/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Small Business 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil and Human Rights Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Civil and Human Rights 4/21/2025   Deferred Deferred Committee Room - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Small Business. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Not available Not available Not available Not available Committee on Hospitals 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Mental Health, Disabilities and Addiction 4/21/2025   1:00 PM 1:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Hospitals. Oversight - Evaluating the Current State of Health Care Access for Patients with Disabilities. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/21/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Subcommittee on Zoning and Franchises 4/17/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Women and Gender Equity. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Women and Gender Equity 4/17/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Civil Service and Labor Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Criminal Justice 4/16/2025   12:00 PM 12:00 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Aging 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/16/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor Jointly with the Committee on Finance. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Immigration 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection. Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Consumer and Worker Protection 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall Jointly with the Committee on Immigration Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Housing 4/15/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 14th Floor Oversight - Security Guards, Fire Guards, and NYCHA’s Oversight of Contractors. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video City Council Stated Meeting 4/10/2025   1:30 PM 1:30 PM Council Chambers - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Civil Service and Labor 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Technology 4/10/2025   11:30 AM 11:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Requiring the 311 customer service center to provide certain resources in response to tree pruning-related requests. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Fire and Emergency Management 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Flash flood preparedness outreach and evacuation guidance. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Governmental Operations, State & Federal Legislation 4/10/2025   11:00 AM 11:00 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Long-term citywide bathroom strategy and to make other technical changes. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Parks and Recreation 4/10/2025   10:45 AM 10:45 AM 250 Broadway - Committee Room, 16th Floor VOTE* Prioritization of maintenance of trees adjacent to buildings and structures. Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Public Safety 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure 4/10/2025   10:30 AM 10:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Finance 4/10/2025   10:00 AM 10:00 AM Council Chambers - City Hall VOTE* Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video Committee on Rules, Privileges and Elections 4/10/2025   9:30 AM 9:30 AM Committee Room - City Hall Multiple meeting items, please see Meeting Details for more information Meeting details Agenda Agenda Minutes Minutes Video Video  previous day next day today Calendar Title and navigation Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << Title and navigation << < April 2025 > << April 2025 S M T W T F S 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 April 2025   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30           Day Day Week Week Month Timeline Timeline Apr, 2025 Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2 31 1 Apr 2 3 4 7 8 9 10 11 14 15 16 17 18 21 22 23 24 25 28 29 30 1 May 2

--- Landing Level Page: https://govsalaries.com/encarnacion-elsie-r-168189066 ---
Sorry, you have been blocked You are unable to access govsalaries.com You are unable to access  Why have I been blocked? This website is using a security service to protect itself from online attacks. The action you just performed triggered the security solution. There are several actions that could trigger this block including submitting a certain word or phrase, a SQL command or malformed data. What can I do to resolve this? You can email the site owner to let them know you were blocked. Please include what you were doing when this page came up and the Cloudflare Ray ID found at the bottom of this page. Cloudflare Ray ID: 9360d4829aa98c63 • Your IP: Click to reveal 2603:7000:9900:5bde:9082:7cb7:22fb:7707 • Performance & security by Cloudflare Cloudflare Ray ID: 9360d4829aa98c63 • Your IP: Click to reveal 2603:7000:9900:5bde:9082:7cb7:22fb:7707 • 2603:7000:9900:5bde:9082:7cb7:22fb:7707 • Performance & security by Cloudflare Performance & security by
