
--- Landing Level Page: https://www.elizabethsanchezmusic.com/english ---
About me My story Primer impacto Mazahua Community Gallery My ministry A message of hope My Devotional plans About me About me My story Primer impacto Mazahua Community Gallery My ministry A message of hope My Devotional plans My music My music Lyrics My music My music My music Lyrics Testimonials Testimonials Buy my book Buy my book Interviews Interviews News News Contact me Contact me Close About me My music Buy my book Testimonials Interviews News Contact me Español Elizabeth Sanchez A hope is born A hope is born My story From the moment she first breathed, Elizabeth Sanchez proved to be a fighter, clinging to life. Those who saw her be born, die, and resurrect that day, would change forever. She was born in Placetas, Cuba, on March 11, 1993. Her birth was accompanied by peculiar events and unimaginable complications. During childbirth, she suffered from the meconium aspiration syndrome (MAS), which brought about three cardiorespiratory arrests. When the doctors were doing their best to save her life, the hospital experienced a power outage. Now, she was really doomed to die! The uncertainty of her first hours accompanied her for the next 28 days of her life, during which she lived in a coma. Repeated seizures, internal bleeding and generalized infections dimmed any clinical hope of survival. On April 11, 1993, Easter Sunday, the doctors gave her back to her parents in a vegetative state to spend her last days at home. Her future was uncertain; she would never be a normal child. When all was lost, only faith was left standing. The love, faith, and tenacity of her parents in the fight against the medical prognoses allowed a sequence of miracles that helped Elizabeth regain her health amidst the joy and amazement of those who knew her. At the age of four, her family moved to the Dominican Republic, and she discovered her passion for the arts, singing. She participated in church choirs and musicals and reaffirmed her vocation for music. From an early age, she learned to cope with her intellectual disability - an official diagnosis - and developed a noble and graceful spirit. At the age of eleven, the family's move to the United States marked the beginning of a new era for her. Elizabeth begins to blossom in her talents, and it is in music where she feels whole and where she manifests her purest feelings. Her perseverance in the face of obstacles, with which she has struggled to achieve her goals, begins to yield major results. Against all odds, she completes her 12th grade studies in an advanced vocational vocal music “magnet” program and then ventures into something more. In 2016, she graduates from Barry University in Miami with a Bachelor of Arts degree, majoring in vocal performance, proving to be a gifted lyric soprano who has caught the attention of renowned musicians and industry promoters. Her experience as a soprano at the Miami Opera set the guidelines for her work in Christian music and for her first recording production "Nace una Esperanza" (Hope is Born). Her album "Nace una Esperanza" is a compilation of her life and her victories in the face of adversity and the verdicts of men; it is a demonstration of the power of faith and prayer to change ordinary, logical predictions into something extraordinary and fulfilling. Elizabeth is today a renowned lyric singer who has attracted the interest of influential music industry promoters. In recognition of her artistic excellence, Elizabeth was nominated for the "2019 Redemption Awards" in the "Breakthrough Artist of the Year" category, and her album "Nace una Esperanza" (Hope is Born), has won in the "Best Album of the Year 2020" category at the "New York Academy of Christian Arts Awards." Besides, Elizabeth was nominated in the "Best Female Artist of the Year" category in the renowned "2022 Award Winner Awards." Her powerful story has been broadcast on national television in the United States, Mexico, Colombia, Honduras, Dominican Republic, and other Latin American countries. In February 2022, Elizabeth went on a media tour in the Dominican Republic where her life story and wonderful voice impacted the audience of the most stellar programs in the country. The same thing happened on the media tour held in Miami during the months of May and June 2022, where she was invited by national television programs such as “Despierta América” and “Primer Impacto”. With her prodigious voice and profound lyrics, Elizabeth dreams of inspiring those who feel lost. Without a doubt, her life shows that it is possible to break down the stigma of dependency and the limitations that come with being born with a physical or mental disability. Her recent tour of Mexico, in October 2022, included concerts, interviews on national radio and television programs, and a meeting with the "Mazahua Indigenous Community." Without a doubt, the visit to the "Mazahua Community" was the high point of the trip. During this meeting, Elizabeth had the opportunity to share her lectures and songs carrying her message of hope. The Mazahua indigenous community has constantly struggled to maintain their cultural values in a society that rejects and discriminates against them, something common in Elizabeth's life. In January 2023, Elizabeth participated, as a guest artist, in the "Mujeres de Esperanza" congress organized by the Billy Graham Foundation in Mexico City. In July 2023, Elizabeth was invited to participate in the 18th edition of the "Arpa Awards" where she performed her single "Estás junto a mí" before a massive audience at the Metropolitan Theater in Mexico City. Her first book "Viva de Milagro" just came out on the market. Consisting of six chapters, this moving autobiographical story describes the inspiring journey of the author, from difficult times and adversity to the unwavering strength she found in her faith and in the love of God and her family. The book is not only a personal testimony, but also a manual of faith that seeks to inspire those who face challenges in life and need guidance and hope. Through her music, her talks, and her lectures, Elizabeth is changing the lives of all who could hear about her inspiring story of faith, improvement, and perseverance. Buy my Book "Viva de Milagro" Amazon Barnes and Noble Other platforms My story on "Primer Impacto" Univisión TV With the Mazahua Indigenous Community State of Mexico, Mexico Gallery Part of my recent work My ministry Hope is Born (HIB) was created with the purpose of motivating people with special needs achieve their dreams by overcoming the challenges that come with adversity and misfortune. Through workshops, motivational talks, conferences, concerts and collaborative work with government offices, HIB is tearing down walls of limited expectations by instilling real hope into families whose children struggle with disabilities. According to the data from the US Census Bureau more than 41 million Americans, or almost 15% of the population age 5 and older, have some type of disability. This is significant because by the time these Americans reach adulthood, over 75% of them will be without employment. So, it’s no mystery that U.S. households containing at least one family member with a mental disability are marked by the highest poverty rate of 32 percent. The HIB mission is to make an impact on those numbers by guiding and supporting families who are raising children with disabilities. The heart and drive behind “Hope is Born” is Elizabeth Sanchez, a young lady who grew up with intellectual disabilities and refused to be another statistic. With the direction and backing of her family, teachers and professionals, Elizabeth has gone on to graduate from a major university and is now making strides as an entrepreneur and professional singer/songwriter. She is passionate about encouraging others to do the same. Succeeding despite her disabilities has created a platform that allows Elizabeth to do what she loves most: understand, love, and give comfort to those who suffer. HIB is not indifferent to the suffering of children and young people struggling to find their life purpose. Instead, it aims to motivate them to overcome their own difficulties and challenges so that they can fulfill their calling and live with hope and joy despite their diagnosis. This is the heart of HIB as it aims to bring to life its vocational verse: Romans 12:12 “Be joyful in hope, patient in affliction, faithful in prayer”. HIB recognizes that life will always bring obstacles and that some of them are inherent to particular individuals, but, for the most part, obstacles are universal and affect us all. Using Elizabeth Sanchez’s testimony, the primary goal is to sow hope in the hearts of people who feel that their lives have no purpose and support them. A Message of Hope Hello! My name is Elizabeth Sanchez. My story has positively influenced many people. The most amazing thing about my life is that it has brought hope to many families, youth and children. I was born in Placetas, Cuba, in 1993. My birth was accompanied by unimaginable complications. During childbirth, I suffered a meconium aspiration that caused me several cardiac-respiratory arrests. As if that was not enough, the hospital experienced an electrical blackout at the time of delivery, and I lived in a coma for the first month of my life. My life has not been easy. I have faced many adversities with my family. The circumstances of my birth left some sequels and disabilities in me. However, despite all the limitations and conditions, I have strived to be happy and nothing has stopped me from fighting for my independence. When I was a child, I realized that I did not learn like other children. Simple things like tying my shoes or riding a bike were impossible for me. My classmates mocked me, despised me, called me useless, and even locked me in the bathrooms. I didn’t understand why so much rejection and bulling and depression came to the door of my heart. Despite having wonderful parents, I felt alone. Those were very dark years, but with the dawn of each day a new hope was born. Just as there were people who rejected and hurt me, there were people who accepted me and loved me unconditionally. Love always triumphs! Thanks to God and the wonderful people that He put around me I stand bringing love and hope to the world through the organization HOPE IS BORN. I have found that adversity respects no one and knocks on the door of every human being in one way or another. Many of the obstacles I have faced in my life are consequences from the circumstances of my birth, but others are inherent in any human being. Life can be unfair, and we have no control over adversity and calamity, but we can be sensitive to the needs of others. Seeing the indifference and lack of love that exists in the world affects me a lot. Like many children and youth with disabilities, I have also suffered from misunderstanding. For years, I kept these feelings inside my mind and heart. Then they became poetry, and today they have become songs and musical works. I discovered that my obstacles were the training ground to discover my gifts and prepare my character to encourage others. I live assured that love and prayer change all things for good. Never stop loving! Love is the secret to happiness. I would love to share my experiences with you. Follow me on social media. With much love, Elizabeth Sanchez My music Videos HIB (Album) Oficial videos Digital platforms YouTube Spotify Apple Music Lyrics Hoy quiero compartir una carta que escribí carta que fue escrita con el alma y la tinta que use fueron mis lágrimas. Al principio dudé, si el destinatario respondería las preguntas que no había podido descifrar. Claro que no pregunté por que me pierdo con frecuencia Y Por qué me son tan imposibles las tablas de multiplicar. Mis preguntas son otras. De lo pasado en mi ayer Y pregunté sobre el amor, y por qué me encerraban en los baños Burlándose de mi. Y por qué si amaba, me repudiaban Sobre esto pregunté y así escribí, Señor, no se si usted sabe que no puedo aprender como los demás. Señor, no se si usted sabe que mis amigos acordonan sus zapatos y yo no. Señor, no se si usted sabe que los miedos me atormentan a diario. Que la bici que mi padre me ha comprado no he aprendido a montar. Que vivir no es alegría cuando hay tanta indiferencia. Que nada, totalmente nada hace lógica en mi mente. Solo quiero amar y sentir amor. ¿Sabe usted señor lo que estoy sintiendo yo? Pasó el tiempo y descubrí las respuestas a preguntas que El tenía para mí Querida Elizabeth, así me respondió, de tal manera te amé, que mi hijo entregué para que tu vida sea eterna y llena de fe. Te conozco desde siempre y como eres te acepté. Nunca pierdas tu fe, nunca dejes de amar. El amor es sufrido, no se goza en la maldad, el amor todo disculpa. Nunca dejes de amar, Yo Soy la fuente de amor y de paz. Nunca pierdas tu fe, nunca dejes de amar. El amor es sufrido, no se goza en la maldad, el amor todo disculpa. Nunca dejes de amar, Aférrate a mi amor y vivirás. Tu vencerás Yo he escrito esta respuesta en mi corazón. Hoy soy libre porque Cristo me amó, desde siempre me amó. Hoje quero compartilhar uma carta que escrevi, que foi escrita com a alma e a tinta que usei foram minhas lágrimas No princípio duvidei se o destinatário responderia as perguntas que não havia decifrado Claro que não perguntei por que me perco com frequência porque são tão impossíveis as contas de multiplicar minhas perguntas são outras do que aconteceu no meu passado Perguntei sobre o amor E porque me trancavam nos banheiros zombando de mim se eu amava, porque me repudiavam perguntei sobre isso e assim escrevi Senhor, não sei se vc sabe que não consigo aprender como os demais Senhor, não sei se vc sabe que meus amigos amarram seus sapatos e eu não Senhor não sei se vc sabe que os medos me atormentam diariamente, que a bique que meu pai comprou ainda não consigo andar Que viver não é alegria quando há tanta indiferença Que nada faz sentido em minha mente Quero somente amar e sentir amor Senhor vc sabe como eu me sinto O tempo passou e descobri as respostas às minhas perguntas que ele tinha para mim Querida Elizabeth, me respondeu assim Te amei de tal maneira que meu filho entreguei Para que sua vida seja eterna e cheia de fé Te conheço desde sempre é te aceito como és Nunca perdas tua fé nunca deixes de amar O amor é sofrido não se alegra na maldade O amor tudo perdoa nunca deixes de amar Eu sou a fonte de amor e paz Nunca perdas tua fé nunca deixes de amar O amor é sofrido não se alegra na maldade O amor tudo perdoa nunca deixes de amar permaneça em meu amor e viverás, vc vai vencer Eu escrevi essa resposta no meu coração Hoje sou livre porque Cristo me amou sempre me amou En el desierto de mi soledad Solo y triste cómo puedo empezar Vienen sobre mi las tormentas que quieren agotar mi confianza en tí pero llegas tu mi alma a liberar No temeré si vas conmigo por mi pelearas contra el enemigo Si tu eres por mí, quién contra mí Seguro en tus manos aprendo a vivir No temeré si vas conmigo por mi pelearas contra el enemigo Si tu eres por mí, quién contra mí Seguro en tus manos aprendo a vivir En el valle de muerte y oscuridad las dudas y miedos amenazan mi paz pero confiare a tí miraré se que en ti Señor firme estaré Mi voz alzaré te adoraré No temeré si vas conmigo por mi pelearas contra el enemigo Si tu eres por mi, quién contra mí Seguro en tus manos aprendo a vivir No temeré si vas conmigo por mi pelearas contra el enemigo Si tu eres por mí, quién contra mí. Seguro en tus manos aprendo a vivir En la tormenta soy tu abrigo en el desierto yo voy contigo no temas nunca desmayes ten fuerza donde tu vayas siempre iré contigo En la tormenta soy tu abrigo en el desierto yo voy contigo no temas nunca desmayes ten fuerza donde tu vayas siempre ire contigo No temeré Si vas conmigo por mi pelearas contra el enemigo Si Tú eres por mi quién contra mí Seguro en tus manos aprendo a vivir No temeré Si vas conmigo por mi pelearas contra el enemigo si tu eres por mí, quién contra mí seguro en tus manos aprendo a vivir Por amor sufrí por vez primera Todavía recuerdo la ocasión Por amor robé a la primavera Con sus flores te hice esta canción Por amor perdemos la conciencia Y le damos rienda al corazón El amor se entrega y no se piensa Puede más la fe que la razón Más si vives solo y abatido Deberías pensar Que los cuerpos pasan por la vida Pero el alma es inmortal Solo el amor es la salida Limpia, construye, concibe, procrea Tan solo el amor sana la herida Que alguna vez nos causara el dolor Solo el amor es la salida Limpia, construye, concibe procrea Tan solo el amor sana la herida Que alguna vez nos causara el dolor Por amor murio crucificada La esperanza de la humanidad El amor es la fruta sagrada La promesa de la libertad. Por amor perdemos la conciencia y le damos rienda al corazón El amor se entrega y no se piensa puede mas la fe que la razon. Más si vives solo y abatido Deberías pensar Que los cuerpos pasan por la vida Pero el alma es inmortal Uooohhh Solo el amor es la salida Limpia, construye, concibe procrea Tan solo el amor sana la herida Que alguna vez nos causara el dolor Solo el amor es la salida Limpia, construye, concibe procrea Tan solo el amor sana la herida Que alguna vez nos causara el dolor Si te has sentido vencido en la vida y la soledad mantiene la herida llorando estas, sin rumbo caminas Si tu tristeza no encuentra clemencia solo desprecio, el amor es urgencia sufriendo estas tu dolor no olvidas Solo no estas El dice que en la tormenta contigo siempre estará La fe en Dios cambia tu corazón transforma tu pensamiento consuela en el sufrimiento La fe en Dios te abraza en el dolor es tu único y fiel sustento da paz cuando no hay aliento Si el día oscuro toca tu puerta se marchita tu fe, la alegría esta muerta buscando estas, sin tener respuesta Solo no estas el dice que en la tormenta contigo siempre estará la fe en dios cambia tu corazón transforma tu pensamiento Consuela en el sufrimiento la fe en Dios te abraza en el dolor es tu único y fiel sustento Da paz cuando no hay aliento a ti me rendiré por siempre confiaré y solo en ti mi Dios yo descansaré Mi roca eres tú, en ti yo esperaré la fe en Dios cambia tu corazón transforma tu pensamiento consuela en el sufrimiento La fe en Dios te abraza en el dolor es tu único y fiel sustento Da paz cuando no hay aliento Da paz cuando no hay aliento Da paz cuando no hay aliento uhuh ohhh Adorable salvador cuando no te buscaba uhuhohoh Tú estabas a mi lado pensando en mí el milagro de la fe tu amor llenando mi ser cada suspiro, cada lágrima brotando cada sueño en ti, para siempre es Adorable salvador, toma mi corazón y como buen alfarero, ven moldéalo Adorable salvador, toma mis muestras de amor toma todo pensamiento y hazlo puro como tú, como tu corazón Tu corazón, tu corazón ohoh Por tu amor el odio sucumbió y nació dentro de mí la fe y el perdón tú le has dado a mi vida esperanza y razón Cada risa, cada abrazo , cada anhelo mi amor a ti, para siempre es Adorable salvador, toma mi corazón y como buen alfarero ven moldéalo Adorable salvador, toma mis muestras de amor toma todo pensamiento y hazlo puro como tú, como tu corazón tu corazón, tu corazón ohohoh Adorable Salvador cuando no te buscaba tú estabas a mi lado pensando en mí. En la oscuridad cuando sientes fallecer Cuando la angustia invada tu ser olvida el odio que tu alma destruirá busca el amor que todo vencerá Si la tristeza invade el corazón y toda lágrima muestra tu dolor Su promesa se convertirá en canción y la angustia cederá al amor La esperanza solo esta en Jesús en la tormenta el tu mano guiará aunque por fuego pases no te quemarás, El la oscuridad transformará en luz Si la tristeza invade el corazón y toda lágrima muestra tu dolor, su promesa se convertirá en canción y la angustia cederá al amor La esperanza solo está en Jesús en la tormenta el tu mano guiará aunque por fuego pases no te quemarás El la oscuridad transformará en luz Conmigo correrás, no te cansarás Caminarás, no te fatigarás Te protegeré, te abrazaré mi hijo eres tú, por siempre te amé Como las águilas tú volarás nuevas fuerzas tú tendrás Te cuidaré, te sostendré mi hijo eres tú, por siempre te amaré La esperanza solo esta en Jesús En la tormenta El tu mano guiará La esperanza solo está en Jesús en la tormenta El tu mano guiará aunque por fuego pases no te quemarás el la oscuridad transformará en luz La esperanza, solo está en Jesus en la tormenta el tu mano guiará aunque por fuego pases no te quemaraás El la oscuridad transformará en luz El la oscuridad transformará en luz Llueve, llueve, llueve un día mas buscando mi esencia miro al cristal de mi ventana, solo veo recuerdos y te ví, te ví, te ví en mi corazón me llamaste por mi nombre respondí estoy aquí para entregarme a tu abrazo y confiar Estoy aquí, aquí, aquí dispuesta hacer tu voluntad descubriendo la esencia, que no podia encontrar vienes a mí, a mí, a mí, borrando lágrimas de mis ojos en este día,tan lluvioso me haces verlo tan hermoso, ohoh Vuelo vuelo, vuelo al encuentro de tus besos descubro que nuestro amor eterno fue antes de tu crear los cielos Quiero entregarme en tu abrazo y confiar todo engaño en tu regazo olvidar Estoy aquí, aquí, aquí dispuesta hacer tu voluntad descubriendo la esencia, que no podia encontrar vienes a mí, a mí, a mí, borrando lágrimas de mis ojos en este día tan lluvioso, me haces verlo tan hermoso. A liberarme, amarme, esperarme Señor te amaré por la eternidad Estoy aquí, aquí, aquí dispuesta hacer tu voluntad descubriendo la esencia, que no podía encontrar vienes a mí, a mí, a mií, borrando lágrimas de mis ojos en este día tan lluvioso me haces verlo tan hermoso Estoy aquí, aquí, aquí dispuesta hacer tu voluntad descubriendo la esencia, que no podia encontrar vienes a mí, a mí, a mií, borrando lágrimas de mis ojos en este día tan lluvioso me haces verlo tan hermoso Oh,oh  Llueve. Iban los dos de noche y a oscuras eran dos almas tiernas jóvenes y puras ella cargaba el fruto de amor en su vientre él la besaba alegre lleno de ternura. El delicado beso traspasaba la piel en su destino acariciaba mi ser ellos no imaginaban, que sus sueños podrian cambiar. Cómo dejar de amar y perdonar si Dios prometió y cumplió que luchará por mi siempre lo hará está a mi lado, a nuestro lado. Como dejar de amar y perdonar si Dios prometió y cumplió que luchará por mi, siempre lo hará está a mi lado, a nuestro lado oh, oh oh oh Estaban los dos tristes y angustiados pero a la fe en Dios ellos se aferraron creyendo en la promesa deciden amarse cuando el amor nació y no pudo abrazarse Ellos escuchan tu hija muriendo está Solo un milagro un milagro lo hará el Dios de lo imposible, la muerte ha vencido ya Como dejar de amar y perdonar si Dios prometió y cumplió que luchará por mi siempre lo hará está a mi lado, a nuestro lado Como dejar amar y perdonar si Dios prometió y cumplió que luchará por mí, siempre lo hará está a mi lado, a nuestro lado Dios es fiel, su promesa siempre cumplirá Dios es fiel, su promesa nunca acabará Dios es fiel, su promesa siempre cumplirá Dios su fiel, su promesa nunca acabará Como dejar de amar y perdonar Como dejar de amar y perdonar Como dejar de amar y perdonar si Dios prometió y cumplió que luchará por mi siempre lo hará está a mi lado a nuestro lado Como dejar de amar y perdonar si Dios prometió y cumplió que luchará por mi siempre lo hará está a mi lado a nuestro lado Dios es fiel, su promesa siempre cumplirá Dios es fiel, su promesa nunca acabará Dios es fiel, su promesa siempre cumplirá Dios es fiel, su promesa nunca acabará Dios es fiel, su promesa siempre cumplirá Dios es fiel, su promesa nunca acabará In my days as a child, I dreamed of you You have always been within my point of view The world brought me anguish, brought me pain But I won't let it keep me from being who I am I was born to be who I am Who am I, Who am I In your wings I’m everything Who am I, Who am I I can fly with you Who am I, Who am I Take me to the place where I belong I’m I Who, Who, I’m I Who I’m I Who, Who I’m I Please don’t go of my soul, away from him Help my dreams become my reality Let your will be done in everything I do Only you really know me Only you pull me through I was born to be who I am Who am I, Who am I In your wings I’m everything Who am I, Who am I I can fly with you Who am I, Who am I Take me to the place where I belong I’m I Who, Who, I’m I Who I’m I Who, Who I’m I When I feel tired, all alone You come in and call me, call me as your own With your love and forgiveness You picked up all my pieces By letting me rest in you I discovered who I am. Who am I, Who am I In your wings I’m everything Who am I, Who am I I can fly with you Who am I, Who am I Take me to the place where I belong I’m I Who, Who, I’m I Who I’m I Who, Who I’m I,  …… Who I love you so even though it might not show sometimes, sometimes Take a look around and tell me what you found do you like these sounds you’re hearing? Could you please pass my coat, I’m frozen from all the snow, Who would of thought, It would be this hard to breathe in the cold Oooohhhh I see the birds fly when it’s raining outside Sometimes, sometimes by our side I see the flowers bloom, when there is no sun to survive, survive Oooohhhh Oooohhhh I love you so I love you so Even though it might Not show Sometimes Sometimes Sometimes Oh oh oh oh I see my doubts falling away from me now With every breath I take, I’m taken away to outer space Cause I know, there is so much more Cause I know, there is so much more Cause I, I, I, Love you so Even though It might not show I, I, Love you so Cause I, I, I, Love you so Even though It might not show Sometimes Sometimes Oooh ooh ooh I love you love you so I want to share today, a letter that I wrote an honest letter written from my soul And the ink that I used were my tears I kept hesitating, kept doubting if I would get a reply All those questions that kept running through my mind. I never thought to ask Him why I get lost most of the time What is impossible for me what others do so easily Now I have other questions about my past, my yesterdays I have questions about love, and why they would lock me up in bathrooms, I could hear them laughing and why if I loved I was not loved. All of this I asked, and so I wrote Lord, I don’t know if You know that I can’t seem to learn like others can Lord, I don’t know if You know that all my friends know how to tie their shoes and I don’t Lord, I don’t know if You know that every single day my fears surround me And the bike that one day my dad gave me, I have yet to ride. Living life isn’t easy when there’s so much indifference When nothing, absolutely nothing, makes sense in my mind I just want love, and be loved Do you know oh Lord, what I’m feeling now? The time passed and I heard the answers to the questions that He had for me, Dear Elizabeth, I heard Him say to me I have loved you so, that I gave my son to give you faith and everlasting life I’ve known you since forever, and I love you just the same Never lose your faith, love no matter what Love bears all things, it does not delight in evil Love forgives all things, Love no matter what I am the fountain of love and of peace Love no matter what, hold on to my love and you will live, in victory.” Love no Matter What I have written all his answers inside my heart I am free now, because Jesus loves me, He has always loved me. Me es común la indiferencia Y lloro, no de tristeza Sino por tu presencia Porque me llena de tu amor. No aceptaré el rechazo Porque existe amor. No hay razón para la angustia Me mostraste el perdón. Llegaste tú y todo cambio libre soy por tu amor Llegó tu amor y mi corazón sanó. Llegaste tú y todo cambio libre soy por tu amor Llegó tu amor y mi corazón sanó. Nadie te amará tal como eres Lo escuche más de una vez El desprecio duele, hiere Cuando no existe la fe. Y por tu amor me levanté Me levanté para vencer Para dejar atrás la angustia Para no perder la fe. Llegaste tú y todo cambio libre soy por tu amor Llegó tu amor y mi corazón sanó. Llegaste tú y todo cambio libre soy por tu amor Llegó tu amor y mi corazón sanó. Aumenta mi fe, mis ansias de amar Alimenta mi alegría Ayúdame a perdonar. Lléname de confianza En los frutos de tu amor Haz vivir la esperanza Para siempre en mi corazón. Llegaste tú y todo cambio libre soy por tu amor Llegó tu amor y mi corazón sanó. Llegaste tú y todo cambio libre soy por tu amor Llegó tu amor y mi corazón sanó. Llegaste tú y todo cambio libre soy por tu amor Llegó tu amor y mi corazón sanó. Llegaste tú y todo cambio libre soy por tu amor Llegó tu amor y mi corazón sanó. Y llegó la Navidad Con su alegre canción Dibujando sonrisas En cada corazón. Y llegó la Navidad Para todos por igual Regalando alegrías Alejando la maldad. Ehhh No me digan soñadora Por desear la paz No me tomen por demente Por no dejar de confiar. Un mejor mundo es posible Sin odio y sin dolor No perdamos la esperanza Demostremos el amor. Y llegó la Navidad Con su alegre canción Dibujando sonrisas En cada corazón. Y llegó la Navidad Para todos por igual Regalando alegrías Alejando la maldad. Y llegó la Navidad. No es difícil decidir Por la fe ante el temor Nos hace bien cambiar El odio por amor. Un mejor mundo es posible Sin odio y sin dolor No perdamos la esperanza Demostremos el amor. Y llegó la Navidad (Llegó) Con su alegre canción (Dibujando sonrisas) En cada corazón. Aquí en mi corazón. Y llegó la Navidad Para todos por igual (Llegó, llegó) Regalando alegrías Alejando la maldad. Y llegó la Navidad (Llegó) Con su alegre canción (Que alegre estoy) Dibujando sonrisas En cada corazón. (Llegó la Navidad) Y llegó la Navidad (Llegó) Para todos por igual (Vamos todos a celebrar) Regalando alegrías Alejando la maldad. Dile no al maltrato, NO No a la violencia, NO No al rechazo, NO Y que no al desprecio, NO Dile si al amor, SI Que si a la alegría, SI Y hagamos fiesta, SI Que llegó la Navidad. Juntamos las manos Vamos a cantar Dile no a la guerra Que viva el amor. Que viva el amor Que viva la alegría Vamos todos juntos A celebrar este día. Que es Navidad. Juntamos las manos Vamos a cantar Dile no a la guerra Que viva el amor. Para que sepas que estoy contigo Con mi corazón yo te canto Vamos a hacer un mundo mejor Donde no haya más llanto. Juntamos las manos (no, no, no más llanto) Vamos a cantar Dile no a la guerra Que viva el amor. Unámonos todos por un mundo mejor Y con alegría y gozo, cantemos ¡Ya llegó la Navidad! We exist to motivate and emit hope. I invite you to view the following video. Testimonials - Yuri Cordero - Elluz Peraza - Claudia Valdés News Miami Herald Yahoo Noticias Listin Diario (República Dominicana) Revista Oh! Magazine Mega TV, Miami Univision TV Prensa en Colombia Contact me Use this form to contact me. Thank you for the opportunity to serve you. Go to top About me My ministry Testimonials
