
--- Landing Level Page: http://www.raymondsantanafornyc.com/ ---
0 0 Open Menu Close Menu Open Menu Close Menu Meet Raymond Santana Raymond Santana, a member of the Exonerated Five, is a justice reform advocate and small businessman who is running for New York City Council to represent the community where he was born and raised and that stood by him when he was convicted of a crime he didn’t commit as a teenager. A son of East Harlem and the Bronx, Raymond was one of five men wrongfully convicted in the 1989 Central Park jogger case, where he was coerced into a false confession at the age of 14. After serving more than seven years in prison, his conviction was overturned in 2002 when the true perpetrator confessed and DNA evidence confirmed his innocence. Since his release, Raymond has become a champion for criminal and social justice causes and a voice for those not heard, using his platform to fight against wrongful convictions, police misconduct, and systemic inequalities. In the New York State Capitol, Raymond has supported legislation that would provide a legal pathway to exoneration, ensure that young people are able to consult with an attorney before waiving their Miranda rights, and ban deceptive and coercive tactics in police interrogations. In addition to his advocacy work, Raymond has built a career as an entrepreneur, having started a successful clothing line, Park Madison NYC, named after the streets on which he grew up. In addition, Raymond proudly tours the country as a motivational speaker, sharing his story of perseverance as well as working to empower young people and communities impacted by injustice. DONATE Name * First Name Last Name Email * Phone (Optional) (###) ### #### Thank you! Join Our Campaign for Justice Why Raymond’s Running Raymond is running for New York City Council with deep gratitude for the community that raised him. He knows that while the world - led by Donald Trump - attacked him and his friends for a crime they did not commit, this community had his back. Raymond is focused on improving criminal justice reform efforts, expanding educational opportunities, increasing the supply of affordable housing, and growing economic pathways for underserved communities. Additionally, Ray is committed to using his story and experience to help improve police and community relations because he knows that the best way to improve public safety for all New Yorkers is by bridging the gap between our communities and our police departments. Most of all though, Raymond knows what most New Yorkers know - that the current system isn’t working for communities like the South Bronx and East Harlem. And that’s why he’s running to represent his home on the New York City Council. Raymond will bring his experience and unique perspective to City Hall, again standing up to Donald Trump, and giving a voice to those who have been marginalized to ensure that justice and equality are afforded to all New Yorkers. Early Voting Starts June 14th Election Day June 24th Meet Raymond Santana Raymond Santana, a member of the Exonerated Five, is a justice reform advocate and small businessman who is running for New York City Council to represent the community where he was born and raised and that stood by him when he was convicted of a crime he didn’t commit as a teenager. A son of East Harlem and the Bronx, Raymond was one of five men wrongfully convicted in the 1989 Central Park jogger case, where he was coerced into a false confession at the age of 14. After serving more than seven years in prison, his conviction was overturned in 2002 when the true perpetrator confessed and DNA evidence confirmed his innocence. Since his release, Raymond has become a champion for criminal and social justice causes and a voice for those not heard, using his platform to fight against wrongful convictions, police misconduct, and systemic inequalities. In the New York State Capitol, Raymond has supported legislation that would provide a legal pathway to exoneration, ensure that young people are able to consult with an attorney before waiving their Miranda rights, and ban deceptive and coercive tactics in police interrogations. In addition to his advocacy work, Raymond has built a career as an entrepreneur, having started a successful clothing line, Park Madison NYC, named after the streets on which he grew up. In addition, Raymond proudly tours the country as a motivational speaker, sharing his story of perseverance as well as working to empower young people and communities impacted by injustice. * First Name Last Name * (###) ### #### Thank you! Join Our Campaign for Justice Why Raymond’s Running  Raymond is running for New York City Council with deep gratitude for the community that raised him. He knows that while the world - led by Donald Trump - attacked him and his friends for a crime they did not commit, this community had his back. Raymond is focused on improving criminal justice reform efforts, expanding educational opportunities, increasing the supply of affordable housing, and growing economic pathways for underserved communities. Additionally, Ray is committed to using his story and experience to help improve police and community relations because he knows that the best way to improve public safety for all New Yorkers is by bridging the gap between our communities and our police departments. Most of all though, Raymond knows what most New Yorkers know - that the current system isn’t working for communities like the South Bronx and East Harlem. And that’s why he’s running to represent his home on the New York City Council. Raymond will bring his experience and unique perspective to City Hall, again standing up to Donald Trump, and giving a voice to those who have been marginalized to ensure that justice and equality are afforded to all New Yorkers. Early Voting Starts June 14th Starts June 14th Election Day June 24th June 24th Privacy Policy Paid for by Raymond Santana for NYC 2025
