
--- Landing Level Page: https://www.dermotsmythny.com/ ---
0 0 Former NYC public school teacher Dermot Smyth is running for City Council in Queens’ 30th District. With over 30 years living in the neighborhood and as a 25-year educator and labor leader, Dermot is running to fight for rational common sense solutions in City Hall and to be a strong advocate for Council District 30. DONATE NOW ABOUT DERMOT Dermot was raised in Ireland and moved to Queens when he was 19. When he first moved back to the US, Dermot worked on construction sites, and in several jobs as a school custodial worker - eventually working his way up to becoming a teacher in District 24. From there he moved into his position with the United Federation of Teachers, where he became a political coordinator fighting for worker's rights. Over his 15 year career with the UFT, he has built  relationships with community leaders and elected officials across the city, and will leverage those relationships to deliver for this district. DERMOT’S PRIORITIES Education Dermot has been an educator and labor leader within the Teachers Union for over 25 years, and he has seen the daily struggles of teachers and students alike. Dermot’s work in education began in the classroom, teaching 8th-grade social studies in District 24. He will fight to ensure New York City’s public schools are best in the country, by fighting for local access to middle school, expanding gifted and talented programs so students can thrive, keeping classrooms small, and expanding after school programs for students and parents alike. He will work to reallocate City funds to improve our public schools across the city, including increasing funding to CUNY campuses, building additional solar panels on schools, and addressing staff shortages. Public Safety Everyone in New York is entitled to safety on the streets, subways, parks, in their place of work, and other public spaces. We need to support efforts to reduce crime and violence on our streets and subways by working with law enforcement to fill staffing shortages, increase and improve video surveillance, and improve response times. Public safety is paramount and criminals should face real consequences for their actions. Affordability We can work together to make New York city a more affordable place to live. Affordability in NYC starts with sky-high housing costs. We need to build more quality workforce housing that brings new opportunities and ideas into our communities, and so our children can live where they grew up. Dermot will bring new ideas to the table that can create more spaces for new housing by working with our private sector businesses to turn empty office spaces into affordable places to live. We must address affordability beyond just housing costs, though. We need to make sure city contractors and projects are bringing in high-paying jobs, and making sure where city dollars are being used to finance projects, union labor is being used to build. Dermot will lead to expand access to affordable childcare and healthcare to NYC families, and work with leaders across this city to make sure basic daily cost of living issues are addressed to reduce everyday costs for New Yorkers. Workers’ Rights Dermot has spent his career dedicated to working men and women in this city, and has always been on the frontlines fighting for workers on picket lines and at protests He will always advocate for fair wages, good benefits, workplace safety measures, and increasing union membership across the city. City contracts should go to reliable, legitimate contractors who will prioritize fair treatment and fair compensation to workers, and to ensure that work is done in a timely manner so taxpayer dollars are spent responsibly. ENDORSEMENTS RETAIL, WHOLESALE AND DEPARTMENT STORE UNION UNITED FEDERATION OF TEACHERS UNIFORMED SANITATIONMEN’S ASSOCIATION, LOCAL 831 1199SEIU UNITED HEALTHCARE WORKERS EAST UNIFORMED FIRE OFFICERS ASSOCIATION MACHINISTS UNION (IAMAW) NEW YORK CITY CENTRAL LABOR COUNCIL NEW YORK CITY DISTRICT COUNCIL OF CARPENTERS REP. GRACE MENG Member of Congress, NY-06 REP. TOM SUOZZI Member of Congress, NY-03 REP. GEORGE LATIMER Member of Congress, NY-16 DONOVAN RICHARDS Queens Borough President SOLIDARITY PAC QUEENS COUNTY DEMOCRATIC PARTY Dermot 2025 is supported by more than 30 elected federal, state, and city leaders from across New York City. JOIN OUR TEAM Name * First Name Last Name Email * Message Thank you! NYC COUNCIL DISTRICT 30 Located in central Queens, NYC Council District 30 is home to neighborhoods including Maspeth, Glendale, Middle Village, and parts of Ridgewood, Woodhaven, Woodside, Elmhurst, and Regs Park. Dermot has lived in the community for more than 30 years and seeks to represent every corner of District 30 in the City Council. MEDIA Democratic primary voters in District 30 need to read and see on the go that Dermot Smyth is a champion for public education, affordability, public safety, and the quality of life of Queens residents. In the City Council, he’s going to fight to lower costs for Queens families, fully fund and improve public education, invest in our parks and public spaces, and work with law enforcement to make our communities safer. Former NYC public school teacher Dermot Smyth is running for City Council in Queens’ 30th District. With over 30 years living in the neighborhood and as a 25-year educator and labor leader, Dermot is running to fight for rational common sense solutions in City Hall and to be a strong advocate for Council District 30. ABOUT DERMOT ABOUT DERMOT Dermot was raised in Ireland and moved to Queens when he was 19. When he first moved back to the US, Dermot worked on construction sites, and in several jobs as a school custodial worker - eventually working his way up to becoming a teacher in District 24. From there he moved into his position with the United Federation of Teachers, where he became a political coordinator fighting for worker's rights. Dermot was raised in Ireland and moved to Queens when he was 19. When he first moved back to the US, Dermot worked on construction sites, and in several jobs as a school custodial worker - eventually working his way up to becoming a teacher in District 24. From there he moved into his position with the United Federation of Teachers, where he became a political coordinator fighting for worker's rights. Over his 15 year career with the UFT, he has built  relationships with community leaders and elected officials across the city, and will leverage those relationships to deliver for this district. Over his 15 year career with the UFT, he has built  relationships with community leaders and elected officials across the city, and will leverage those relationships to deliver for this district. DERMOT’S PRIORITIES Education Education Dermot has been an educator and labor leader within the Teachers Union for over 25 years, and he has seen the daily struggles of teachers and students alike. Dermot’s work in education began in the classroom, teaching 8th-grade social studies in District 24. He will fight to ensure New York City’s public schools are best in the country, by fighting for local access to middle school, expanding gifted and talented programs so students can thrive, keeping classrooms small, and expanding after school programs for students and parents alike. He will work to reallocate City funds to improve our public schools across the city, including increasing funding to CUNY campuses, building additional solar panels on schools, and addressing staff shortages. Public Safety Public Safety Everyone in New York is entitled to safety on the streets, subways, parks, in their place of work, and other public spaces. We need to support efforts to reduce crime and violence on our streets and subways by working with law enforcement to fill staffing shortages, increase and improve video surveillance, and improve response times. Public safety is paramount and criminals should face real consequences for their actions. Affordability Affordability We can work together to make New York city a more affordable place to live. Affordability in NYC starts with sky-high housing costs. We need to build more quality workforce housing that brings new opportunities and ideas into our communities, and so our children can live where they grew up. Dermot will bring new ideas to the table that can create more spaces for new housing by working with our private sector businesses to turn empty office spaces into affordable places to live. We must address affordability beyond just housing costs, though. We need to make sure city contractors and projects are bringing in high-paying jobs, and making sure where city dollars are being used to finance projects, union labor is being used to build. Dermot will lead to expand access to affordable childcare and healthcare to NYC families, and work with leaders across this city to make sure basic daily cost of living issues are addressed to reduce everyday costs for New Yorkers. Workers’ Rights Workers’ Rights Dermot has spent his career dedicated to working men and women in this city, and has always been on the frontlines fighting for workers on picket lines and at protests He will always advocate for fair wages, good benefits, workplace safety measures, and increasing union membership across the city. City contracts should go to reliable, legitimate contractors who will prioritize fair treatment and fair compensation to workers, and to ensure that work is done in a timely manner so taxpayer dollars are spent responsibly. ENDORSEMENTS ENDORSEMENTS RETAIL, WHOLESALE AND DEPARTMENT STORE UNION UNITED FEDERATION OF TEACHERS UNIFORMED SANITATIONMEN’S ASSOCIATION, LOCAL 831 1199SEIU UNITED HEALTHCARE WORKERS EAST UNIFORMED FIRE OFFICERS ASSOCIATION MACHINISTS UNION (IAMAW) NEW YORK CITY CENTRAL LABOR COUNCIL NEW YORK CITY DISTRICT COUNCIL OF CARPENTERS REP. GRACE MENG Member of Congress, NY-06 REP. TOM SUOZZI Member of Congress, NY-03 REP. GEORGE LATIMER Member of Congress, NY-16 DONOVAN RICHARDS Queens Borough President SOLIDARITY PAC QUEENS COUNTY DEMOCRATIC PARTY Dermot 2025 is supported by more than 30 elected federal, state, and city leaders from across New York City. Dermot 2025 more than 30 JOIN OUR TEAM JOIN OUR TEAM * First Name Last Name * NYC COUNCIL DISTRICT 30 Located in central Queens, NYC Council District 30 is home to neighborhoods including Maspeth, Glendale, Middle Village, and parts of Ridgewood, Woodhaven, Woodside, Elmhurst, and Regs Park. Dermot has lived in the community for more than 30 years and seeks to represent every corner of District 30 in the City Council. MEDIA Democratic primary voters in District 30 need to read and see on the go that Dermot Smyth is a champion for public education, affordability, public safety, and the quality of life of Queens residents. In the City Council, he’s going to fight to lower costs for Queens families, fully fund and improve public education, invest in our parks and public spaces, and work with law enforcement to make our communities safer. PAID FOR BY DERMOT 2025
